© 2025 Daisyco Franchising, LLC  
Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT 
 
 
 
Daisyco Franchising, LLC 
A Delaware limited liability company 
1117 Baker Street, #A  
Costa Mesa, CA 92626  
(909) 979-1830 
info@daisyco.com 
www.daisyco.com 
 
The franchise offered is for the establishment and operation of a business that provides residential 
and commercial technology installation and ongoing maintenance solutions. 
 
The total investment necessary to begin operation of a Daisy franchise is $135,900 to $299,500. 
This includes $50,000 that must be paid to the franchisor or affiliate. 
 
The total investment necessary to begin operation of a Daisy conversion franchise is $26,200 to 
$274,500. This includes $25,000 that must be paid to the franchisor or affiliate. 
 
The total investment necessary to begin operation of 2 to 4 Daisy franchises under a Daisy Area 
Development Agreement is $175,900 to $389,500. This includes $90,000 to $140,000  that must 
be paid to the franchisor or affiliate. Under an Area Development Agreement, you must develop a 
minimum of 2 Daisy units within the development schedule specified in your Area Development 
Agreement. 
 
This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other 
information in plain English. Read this disclosure document and all accompanying agreements 
carefully. You must receive the disclosure document at least 14 calendar days before you sign a 
binding agreement with, or make any payment to the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with 
the  proposed  franchise  sale. Note,  however,  that  no  government  agency  has  verified  the 
information contained in this document. 
 
You may wish to receive your disclosure document in another format that is more convenient for 
you. To discuss the availability of disclosures in different formats, contact Hagan Kappler at 1117 
Baker Street, #A, Costa Mesa, CA 92626 and (909) 979-1830. 
 
The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship. Don't rely on the disclosure 
document alone to understand your contract. Read all of your contract carefully. Show your 
contract and this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant. 
 
Buying a franchise is a complex investment. The information in this disclosure document can help 
you make up your mind. More information on franchising, such as "A Consumer's Guide to 
Buying a Franchise," which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is 
available from the Federal Trade Commission. You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or 
by writing to the FTC at 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, D.C. 20580. You can also 
visit the FTC's home page at www.ftc.gov for additional information. Call your state agency or 
visit your public library for other sources of information on franchising.  
 
There may also be laws on franchising in your state. Ask your state agencies about them. 
  
Issuance Date: May 5, 2025  

How to Use This Franchise Disclosure Document 
 
Here are some questions you may be asking about buying a franchise and tips on how to 
find more information:  
 
QUESTION WHERE TO FIND INFORMATION 
How much can I earn? Item 19 may give you information about outlet sales, 
costs, profits or losses. You should also try to obtain 
this information from others, like current and former 
franchisees. You can find their names and contact 
information in Item 20 or Exhibit E. 
How  much  will  I  need  to 
invest? 
Items  5  and  6  list  fees  you  will  be  paying  to  the 
franchisor or at the franchisor's direction. Item 7 lists 
the initial investment to open. Item 8 describes the 
suppliers you must use. 
Does  the  franchisor  have  the 
financial  ability  to  provide 
support to my business? 
Item 21 or Exhibit B includes financial statements. 
Review these statements carefully. 
Is the franchise system stable, 
growing, or shrinking? 
Item 20 summarizes the recent history of the number 
of company-owned and franchised outlets. 
Will  my  business  be  the  only 
Daisy business in my area? 
Item  12  and  the  "territory"  provisions  in  the 
franchise agreement describe whether the franchisor 
and other franchisees can compete with you. 
Does  the  franchisor  have  a 
troubled legal history? 
Items 3 and 4 tell you whether the franchisor or its 
management  have  been  involved  in  material 
litigation or bankruptcy proceedings. 
What's  it  like  to  be  a Daisy 
franchisee? 
Item  20  or  Exhibit E lists  current  and  former 
franchisees. You can contact them to ask about their 
experiences. 
What else should I know? These questions are only a few things you should 
look for. Review all 23 Items and all Exhibits in this 
disclosure  document  to  better  understand  this 
franchise opportunity. See the table of contents. 

What You Need To Know About Franchising Generally 
 
Continuing responsibility to pay fees. You may have to pay royalties and other fees even 
if you are losing money.  
 
Business model can change. The franchise agreement may allow the franchisor to change 
its manuals and business model without your consent. These changes may require you to 
make  additional  investments  in  your  franchise  business  or  may  harm  your  franchise 
business.  
 
Supplier restrictions. You may have to buy or lease items from the franchisor or a limited 
group of suppliers the franchisor designates. These items may be more expensive than 
similar items you could buy on your own.  
 
Operating restrictions.  The  franchise  agreement  may  prohibit  you  from  operating  a 
similar business during the term of the franchise. There are usually other restrictions. Some 
examples may include controlling your location, your access to customers, what you sell, 
how you market, and your hours of operation.  
 
Competition from franchisor. Even if the franchise agreement grants you a territory, the 
franchisor may have the right to compete with you in your territory.  
 
Renewal. Your franchise agreement may not permit you to renew. Even if it does, you may 
have to sign a new agreement with different terms and conditions in order to continue to 
operate your franchise business.  
 
When your franchise ends. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from operating a 
similar business after your franchise ends even if you still have obligations to your landlord 
or other creditors.  
 
Some States Require Registration 
 Your  state  may  have  a  franchise  law,  or  other  law,  that  requires  franchisors  to 
register before offering or selling franchises in the state. Registration does not mean that 
the state recommends the franchise or has verified the information in this document. To 
find out if your state has a registration requirement, or to contact your state, use the agency 
information in Exhibit A.  
 
 Your state also may have laws that require special disclosures or amendments be 
made to your franchise agreement. If so, you should check the State Specific Addenda. See 
the Table of Contents for the location of the State Specific Addenda. 

Special Risks to Consider About This Franchise 
 
Certain states require that the following risk(s) be highlighted:  
 
1. Out-of-State Dispute Resolution. The franchise agreement requires you to resolve 
disputes  with  the  franchisor  by  mediation,  arbitration,  and/or  litigation  only  in 
Delaware. Out-of-state mediation, arbitration, or litigation may force you to accept 
a less favorable settlement for disputes. It may also cost more to mediate, arbitrate, 
or litigate with the franchisor in Delaware than in your own state.  
  
2. Short Operating History. The franchisor is at an early stage of development and 
has a limited operating history. This franchise is likely to be a riskier investment 
than a franchise in a system with a longer operating history. 
  
3. Spousal Liability. Your spouse must sign a document that makes your spouse liable 
for all financial obligations under the franchise agreement even though your spouse 
has no ownership interest in the franchise. This guarantee will place both your and 
your spouse's marital and personal assets, perhaps including your house, at risk if 
your franchise fails. 
  
4. Supplier Control. You must purchase all or nearly all of the inventory and supplies 
that are necessary to operate your business from the franchisor, its affiliates, or 
suppliers that the franchisor designates, at prices the franchisor or they set. These 
prices may be higher than prices you could obtain elsewhere for the same or similar 
goods. This may reduce the anticipated profit of your franchise business. 
 
Certain states may require other risks to be highlighted. Check the "State Specific 
Addenda" (if any) to see whether your state requires other risks to be highlighted. 

NOTICE REQUIRED BY 
STATE OF MICHIGAN 
 
THE  STATE  OF  MICHIGAN  PROHIBITS  CERTAIN  UNFAIR  PROVISIONS  THAT 
ARE  SOMETIMES  IN FRANCHISE  DOCUMENTS.  IF  ANY  OF  THE  FOLLOWING 
PROVISIONS ARE IN THESE FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE 
VOID AND CANNOT BE ENFORCED AGAINST YOU.  
 
Each of the following provisions is void and unenforceable if contained in any documents relating 
to a franchise: 
 
(a) A prohibition on the right of a franchisee to join an association of franchisees. 
 
(b)  A requirement that the franchisee assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver, 
or estoppel which deprives a franchisee of rights and protections provided in this act. This shall 
not preclude a franchisee, after entering into a franchise agreement, from settling any and all 
claims.  
 
(c)  A provision that permits a franchisor to terminate a franchise prior to the expiration 
of its terms except for good cause. Good cause shall include the failure of the franchisee to comply 
with any lawful provision of the franchise agreement and to cure such failure after being given 
written notice thereof and a reasonable opportunity, which in no event need be more than 30 days, 
to cure such failure. 
 
(d)  A provision that permits a franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise without fairly 
compensating the franchisee by repurchase or other means for the fair market value at the time of 
expiration  of  the  franchisee's  inventory,  supplies,  equipment,  fixtures,  and  furnishings. 
Personalized materials which have no value to the franchisor and inventory, supplies, equipment, 
fixtures, and furnishings not reasonably required in the conduct of the franchise business are not 
subject to compensation. This subsection applies only if: (i) the term of the franchise is less than 
five years and (ii) the franchisee is prohibited by the franchise or other agreement from continuing 
to conduct substantially the same business under another trademark, service mark, trade name, 
logotype, advertising, or other commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to the expiration 
of the franchise or the franchisee does not receive at least six months advance notice of franchisor's 
intent not to renew the franchise.  
 
(e)  A provision that permits the franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise on terms 
generally available to other franchisees of the same class or type or under similar circumstances. 
This section does not require a renewal provision.  
 
(f)  A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside this state. 
This shall not preclude the franchisee from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, 
to conduct arbitration at a location outside this state.  
 
(g) A provision which permits a franchisor to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of 
a franchise, except for good cause. This subdivision does not prevent a franchisor from exercising 
a right of first refusal to purchase the franchise. Good cause shall include, but is not limited to:  
 
 (i) The failure of the proposed transferee to meet the franchisor's then-current 
reasonable qualifications or standards. 
 
(ii) The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or 
subfranchisor. 
 
(iii) The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply 
with all lawful obligations.  
 
(iv) The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to 
the franchisor or to cure any default in the franchise agreement existing at the time of the 
proposed transfer.  
 
(h)  A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not 
uniquely identified with the franchisor. This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants 
to a franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the same terms and 
conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor does this 
subdivision prohibit a provision that grants the franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a 
franchise for the market or appraised value of such assets if the franchisee has breached the lawful 
provisions of the franchise agreement and has failed to cure the breach in the manner provided in 
subdivision (c). 
 
 (i)  A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, 
or otherwise transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless 
provision has been made for providing the required contractual services.  
 
The fact there is a notice of this offering on file with the attorney general does not constitute 
approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the attorney general. 
 
Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to the Department of Attorney General, 
State of Michigan, 670 Williams Building, Lansing, Michigan 48913, telephone (517) 373-7117. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Item Page 
 
ITEM 1  THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 1 
ITEM 2 BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 2 
ITEM 3  LITIGATION 2 
ITEM 4 BANKRUPTCY 2 
ITEM 5  INITIAL FEES 3 
ITEM 6  OTHER FEES 4 
ITEM 7  ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 8 
ITEM 8  RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 12 
ITEM 9  FRANCHISEE'S OBLIGATIONS 14 
ITEM 10  FINANCING 15 
ITEM 11  FRANCHISOR'S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING 16 
ITEM 12  TERRITORY 24 
ITEM 13  TRADEMARKS 25 
ITEM 14  PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION 27 
ITEM 15  OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS 28 
ITEM 16  RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL 29 
ITEM 17  RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 30 
ITEM 18  PUBLIC FIGURES 34 
ITEM 19  FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 34 
ITEM 20  OUTLETS AND FRANCHISEE INFORMATION 37 
ITEM 21  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 39 
ITEM 22  CONTRACTS 39 
ITEM 23  RECEIPTS 40 
 
EXHIBITS: 
 
Exhibit A List of State Administrators and Agents for Service of Process 
Exhibit B Financial Statements 
Exhibit C Franchise Agreement 
Exhibit D Area Development Agreement 
Exhibit E List of Current and Former Franchisees 
Exhibit F State Addenda and Agreement Riders 
Exhibit G Franchise Operations Manual Table of Contents 
Exhibit H Contracts for use with Daisy Franchise  
Exhibit I State Effective Dates 
Exhibit J Receipts 

ITEM 1: THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES 
 
To simplify the language in this Franchise Disclosure Document, "Daisyco Franchising, LLC," 
"we,"  "us,"  and  "our"  means Daisyco  Franchising,  LLC,  the  franchisor.  "You,"  "your,"  and 
"Franchisee" means the person, and its direct and indirect owners if the Franchisee is a business 
entity, that enters into a franchise agreement with Daisyco Franchising, LLC. 
 
The Franchisor 
 
Daisyco Franchising, LLC is a limited liability company formed in the State of Delaware on March 
24, 2025. Our principal place of business is 1117 Baker Street, #A, Costa Mesa, CA 92626. We do 
business under our corporate name and the name "Daisy". We have not conducted business in any 
other line of business nor offered franchises in any other line of business.  
 
Our Agent for Service of Process 
 
Our agents for service of process are listed in Exhibit A to this Disclosure Document. For the State 
of Delaware, our Agent for Service of Process is: A Best Registered Agent LLC, 8 The Green, Suite 
E, Dover, DE 19901. 
 
Our Parents, Predecessors and Affiliates 
 
Our parent company is Daisyco Inc., a Delaware corporation.  
 
We are a wholly-owned subsidiary of Daisyco Inc., our parent company and predecessor. On March 
24, 2025, Daisyco Inc. transferred specific assets to us, including the franchise system operations, 
existing  franchise  agreements,  and  related  business  assets,  while retaining ownership of  all 
trademarks associated with the franchise system. Daisyco Inc. has granted us an exclusive license to 
use and sublicense these trademarks in connection with the franchise system. Daisyco Inc. is a 
corporation formed in the State of Delaware on June 6, 2023. Our principal place of business is 1117 
Baker Street, #A, Costa Mesa, CA 92626. Daisyco Inc. offered franchises from January 2024 to 
March 2025.  
 
We do not have any affiliates that provide products or services to franchisees. We do not operate a 
Daisy business directly.  
 
Our Business & the Franchise Offered 
We grant franchises to qualified individuals and business entities to establish and operate a business 
that will provide local residential and commercial technology solutions and ongoing maintenance 
solutions within your territory under the name "Daisy" and certain other trademarks, service marks, 
trade names, and logos we designate from time to time (collectively referred to as the "Marks"). We 
refer to the Daisy business you will operate as the "Franchised Business", "Daisy Business" or 
simply your "Business." We began offering franchises in March 2025. We do not offer and have not 
previously offered franchises in any other line of business.  

In  addition  to  our  standard  franchise  offering,  we  offer  a  conversion  program  for  established 
technology solutions integrator businesses that wish to join the Daisy franchise system and that meet 
our financial and experience criteria ("Conversion Franchisees"). Through the conversion program, 
qualified existing technology solutions integrator businesses ("Existing Businesses") can convert to 
a Daisy Franchised Business once all of the conversion program conditions have been met and after 
successfully completing our initial training program. In consideration of the franchise, we offer 
Conversion Franchisees discounted initial franchise fees based on the Existing Business' established 
gross volume. A copy of the Conversion Addendum is attached as Attachment E to the franchise 
agreement. 
 
We also offer qualified individuals the right to open and operate multiple Daisy Businesses within a 
defined geographical area (the "Development Area") by: (i) executing our current form of Area 
Development Agreement (the "Area Development Agreement"); and (ii) paying our then-current 
development fee upon execution of your Area Development Agreement, which will depend on the 
number of Daisy Businesses you agree to open (the "Development Fee"). 
 
You will be required to enter into our then-current form of franchise agreement for each of the Daisy 
Businesses you are required to open under the Area Development Agreement, and you must execute 
the Franchise Agreement for your initial location contemporaneously with the execution of your 
Area Development Agreement. You must then ensure that you open and commence operations of 
each additional location in the Development Area in accordance with a development schedule set 
forth in your Area Development Agreement (the "Development Schedule"). 
 
The Market and Competition 
 
The target market for your Franchised Business primarily consists of residential property owners and 
light  commercial  business  owners,  lessees,  and  managers  who  are  seeking  commercial  and 
residential property technology installation and ongoing maintenance solutions. While established 
since at least the 1980s, the technology solutions industry continues to change as technology evolves. 
You will compete with other entities, including national, regional, and local businesses, offering 
services similar to those offered by your Franchised Business. There are other commercial and 
residential property technology franchises, as well as independent businesses throughout the United 
States, that may offer similar products and services. The demand for the products and services offered 
by  your  Franchised  Business  are  also  affected  by  changes  in  consumer  tastes,  demographics, 
technology trends and economic conditions, and may be affected by seasonal demands. 
 
Industry-Specific Regulations 
 
Some states have licensing, certification, or registration requirements applicable to some or all of the 
services you and your employees will be providing through your Franchised Business. You may be 
required to pay a fee to the state agency or association responsible for enforcing these requirements. 
Some states may require a minimum level of education or related work experience to obtain licenses. 
 
You should investigate whether there are other regulations and requirements that may apply in the 
geographic area in which you are interested in locating a Daisy Business, and you should consider 
both their effect and the cost of compliance. Laws and regulations vary widely from place to place. 
You should consult an advisor in your area to determine all applicable laws and regulations. You 
must obtain all necessary permits, licenses, and operational licenses. The franchise agreement 
requires that you be responsible for complying with these laws and obtain these licenses. 
 
ITEM 2: BUSINESS EXPERIENCE 
 
CEO: Hagan Kappler 
Ms. Kappler has served as our CEO since our inception in March 2025. Ms. Kappler has also served 
as the CEO for our predecessor, Daisyco Inc., since June 2023. Since January 2024, Ms. Kappler has 
been a Board Member of Action Termite & Pest Control in Phoenix, AZ. From January 2023 to June 
2023, Ms. Kappler was an independent advisor for brands nationwide. From July 2021 to January 
2023, Ms. Kappler served as the CEO of Threshold Brands in Boston, MA. From January 2021 to 
July 2021, Ms. Kappler was a stay-at-home mom. From April 2018 to January 2021, Ms. Kappler 
served as the President of ServiceMaster Brands in Memphis. TN. 
 
Chief Growth Officer: Douglas Persson 
Mr. Persson has served as our Chief Growth Officer since our inception in in March 2025. Mr. 
Persson has also served as the Chief Growth Officer for our predecessor, Daisyco Inc., since June 
2023. From November 2022 to June 2023, Mr. Persson served on the Board of Directors of three 
private  equity-backed  companies,  including  serving  as  Interim  CEO  of  Premier  Roofing  from 
January 2023 to June 2023. From October 2017 to October 2022, Mr. Persson served as the Senior 
Vice President of Strategy and Business Development with Terminix in Memphis, TN. 
 
Senior Vice President of Sales and Solutions: Steve Stary 
Mr. Stary has served as our Senior Vice President of Sales and Solutions since our inception in March 
2025.  Mr.  Stary  has  also  served  as  the  Senior  Vice President  of  Sales  and  Solutions  for  our 
predecessor, Daisyco Inc., since January 2024. Concurrently, Mr. Stary has served as the Vice 
President of Sales for Brilliant AV in Costa Mesa, CA since May 2014. 
 
Franchise Sales and Success Leader: Gavin Lantzy 
Mr. Lantzy has served as our Franchise Sales and Success Leader since our inception in March 2025. 
Mr. Lantzy served as the Franchise Sales and Success Leader for our predecessor, Daisyco Inc., from 
August 2024 to March 2025. From April 2023 to August 2024, Mr. Lantzy served as the Founder 
and President of SaaviHome Franchise Company in Denver, CO. Since September 2004, Mr. Lantzy 
has also served as the Founder and President of Global Home Integrator Network, Inc. in Denver, 
CO. 
 
Head of Franchise Operations: Brian Wiersma 
Mr. Wiersma has served as our Head of Franchise Operations since our inception in March 2025. 
Mr. Wiersma served as the Director of Franchise Development Leader for our predecessor, Daisyco 
Inc., from August 2024 to March 2025. From October 2023 to August 2024, Mr. Wiersma served as 
our Chief  Operations  Officer.  From  July  2022  to  October  2023,  Mr.  Wiersma  was  the  Chief 
Operating Officer of Farmwave in Dahlonega, GA. From July 2019 to July 2022, Mr. Wiersma 
served as the Senior Director of Operations for ServiceMaster Brands in Memphis, TN. From 
September 2018 to July 2019, Mr. Wiersma served as a Director of Client Services for Robert Half 
in Memphis, TN. 
 
Chief Sales Officer: Shiv Krishnan 
Mr. Krishnan has served as our Chief Sales Officer since our inception in March 2025. Mr. Krishman 
also served as the Chief Sales Officer for our predecessor, Daisyco Inc. from November 2023 to 
March 2025. From April 2022 to November 2023, Mr. Krishnan served as Chief of Staff for 
ServiceMaster Brands in San Francisco, CA. From June 2021 to April 2022, Mr. Krishnan served as 
a  Senior  Associate  of  Strategy  and  Corporate  Development  with  Rivian  Automotive  in San 
Francisco,  CA.  From  August  2018  to  June  2021,  Mr.  Krishnan  served  as  a  Manager  with 
ServiceMaster Brands in Memphis, TN.  
 
Director of People and Marketing: Rebecca Hochreiter 
Ms. Hochreiter has served as our Director of People and Marketing since our inception in March 
2025. Ms. Hochreiter also served as the Director of People and Marketing for our predecessor, 
Daisyco  Inc.  from December  2023 to  March  2025.  From  May  2023  to  December  2023,  Ms. 
Hochreiter served as a Consultant and Advisor for RSH Consulting in Weehawken, NJ. From May 
2020 to April 2023, Ms. Hochreiter was the Chief Marketing Officer for GoStork in New Haven, 
CT. From November 2019 to May 2020, Ms. Hochreiter served as the Vice President of Marketing 
for Skift in New York, NY. From January 2017 to August 2019, Ms. Hochreiter served as the Vice 
President of Marketing & People for Paintzen in New York, NY.  
 
Director of Client Support and Training: Timothy J. Klein 
Mr. Klein has served as our Director of Client Support and Training since our inception in March 
2025. Mr. Klein also served as Director of Client Support and Training for our predecessor, Daisyco 
Inc. from October 2024 to March 2025. From November 2021 to March 2024, Mr. Klein served as 
Content Manager for Best Buy in Richfield, MN. From April 2024 to September 2024, Mr. Klein 
focused on professional development and strategic career advancement. From February 2019 to 
November 2021, Mr. Klein served as Contact Center Manager for Best Buy in Richfield, MN. 
 
Chief Financial Officer: Madhvi Puri 
Ms. Puri has served as our Chief Financial Officer since our inception in March 2025. Ms. Puri has 
also served as the Chief Financial Officer for our predecessor, Daisyco Inc. since December 2024. 
From June 2024 to November 2024, Ms. Puri took time to evaluate strategic career opportunities and 
engage in professional development. From September 2022 to May 2024, Ms. Puri served as Chief 
Financial Officer for Wizeline Inc. in San Francisco, CA. From April 2020 to August 2022, Ms. Puri 
served as Vice President of Finance and Accounting for Quizlet in San Francisco, CA.  
 
General Counsel: Mallory Craig-Karim 
Ms. Craig-Karim has served as our General Counsel since our inception in March 2025. Ms. Craig-
Karim has also served as General Counsel for our predecessor, Daisyco Inc. since January 2025. 
From December 2023 to January 2025, Ms. Craig-Karim was a Senior Associate attorney in the 
Mergers & Acquisitions practice at Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP in New York City, NY. From 
September 2019 to December 1, 2023, Ms. Craig-Karim was an Associate attorney in the Corporate 
& Securities practice at Baker McKenzie in San Francisco, CA. 
 
ITEM 3: LITIGATION 
 
No litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
ITEM 4: BANKRUPTCY 
 
No bankruptcy information is required to be disclosed in this Item. 
 
ITEM 5: INITIAL FEES 
 
Initial Franchise Fee  
 
The initial franchise fee ("Initial Franchise Fee") for a single Daisy Business is $50,000. The Initial 
Franchise Fee is payable in one lump-sum upon signing your franchise agreement. The Initial 
Franchise Fee is nonrefundable. During the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024, our Initial 
Franchise Fee ranged from $0 to $50,000.  
 
Conversion Franchise Fee 
 
We offer Conversion Franchisees a discounted Initial Franchise Fee of $25,000 (the "Conversion 
Franchise Fee"). The Conversion Franchise Fee is payable in one lump-sum upon signing your 
franchise agreement. The Conversion Franchise Fee is nonrefundable. 
 
Development Fee 
 
You  may  also  purchase  the  rights  to  open  additional  Daisy  Businesses  by  signing  our  Area 
Development Agreement and paying a development fee ("Development Fee"). The Development 
Fee is in lieu of the Initial Franchise Fee.  
 
Your Development Fee will depend on the number of Daisy Businesses we grant you the right to 
open within the Development Area and is calculated as follows: 
 
Number of Daisy Businesses Initial Franchise Fee Development Fee 
1 $50,000 N/A 
2 $40,000 $90,000 
3 $30,000 $120,000 
4 $20,000 $140,000 
 
If we grant you the right to open more than 4 Daisy Businesses within the Development Area then 
each additional location will incur an additional Initial Franchise Fee of $20,000.  
 
If you are a Conversion Franchisee then each additional Daisy Business you open in addition to 
your existing business shall incur a Development Fee equal to $25,000. 
 
ITEM 6: OTHER FEES 
 
Name of Fee Amount Due Date Remarks 
Support Services Fee 10% of your Gross Sales Remitted by EFT draft on or before the 15th day of each month for the previous month. This amount is due on all Gross Sales for services provided by you. The Support Services Fee is an ongoing payment that allows you to use the Marks and other intellectual property of the System. It may include, at our discretion, such support and assistance as we may choose to provide from time to time, which may include access to operational guidance, training materials, marketing resources, supplier relationships, and other elements of the System that we make available to franchisees. 
Experience Center Usage Fee Currently, not assessed Remitted at the same time and in the same manner as the Support Services Fee. An Experience Center may only be established by us in or near your Territory if: (i) a majority of franchisees in the applicable region vote in favor of establishing such Experience Center and specifically request our assistance in operating it; and (ii) we agree to establish and operate such Experience Center. If these conditions are met and we establish and operate an Experience Center, you will be required to utilize the Experience Center and pay us the then-current Experience Center Usage Fee, subject to a 30-day written notice. Your obligation to pay such fees shall commence immediately following such notice period. For clarity, if one or more franchisees establish and operate their own Experience Center without our involvement, no Experience Center Usage Fee shall apply. Our Experience Center Usage Fee may be a percentage of Gross Sales or a flat fee based upon the number of franchisees using the Experience Center or based upon your usage of the Experience Center. 
National Brand Development Fund Currently, none If established, remitted at the same time and in the same manner as the Support Services Fee. If established, the National Brand Development Fund fee will be payable at the same time and in the same manner as the Support Services Fee. The National Brand Development Fund, if established, will be used for system-wide "National Marketing" to promote and build the Daisy brand.  
Local Advertising 3% of your Gross Sales to be spent within the Territory Monthly You must provide us with a monthly accounting of these expenditures which must meet our standards and specifications and amounts paid will be promptly refunded to you upon approval, up to the amounts paid to us for Local Advertising. 
Local and Regional Advertising Cooperatives Currently not assessed. Established by cooperative members Established by cooperative members We currently do not have a cooperative but reserve the right to require one to be established in the future. Any amounts that you contribute to a cooperative will count towards your local advertising requirement. Item 11 contains more information about advertising cooperatives. 
National Account Management Fee 5% of Gross Sales from national accounts  Monthly as incurred Payable if you participate in our National Accounts Program. National Accounts invoicing is carried out centrally, and we remit customer payments to you National Account Management Fees. 
Transfer Fee The greater of (a) $25,000 or (b) 5% of the sales price Upon transfer No fee is due for transfers to an entity formed by you for the convenience of ownership. (subject to state law) 
Additional/Refresher Training Currently, $2,500 per person. As incurred prior to additional training The fee for Additional or Refresher training is paid to us. 
Non-Compliance Fee Up to $5,000 per event of non-compliance On demand Each event of non-compliance shall constitute a default under the franchise agreement, subject to any applicable cure periods and the specific terms and conditions outlined in the franchise agreement. Depending on the event of non-compliance, we may exercise any rights we have under the franchise agreement, including termination in addition to the non-compliance fee. (subject to applicable state law) 
Franchise Meetings Fee Currently not assessed. On demand If we host a franchise meeting, you may be required to pay our then-current attendance fee which shall not exceed $2,500 per attendee. 
Renewal Fee $25,000 Due upon signing the renewal franchise agreement Due upon signing the renewal franchise agreement 
Audit Cost of audit, but not less than $500, plus interest equal to the lesser of 1.5% per month or the highest rate allowed by law and our expenses 15 days after billing If an audit reveals a deficiency, you must pay the amount owed plus interest. If the audit reveals an understatement of Gross Sales by 2% or more, you must pay the amount owed plus applicable late fees with interest, and you must reimburse us for the cost of the audit, and our expenses including travel, lodging, wage expenses and reasonable accounting and legal costs. 
Late Fee $100 per occurrence plus interest at the lesser of 18% per month or the highest interest rate permitted by law  Upon demand Payable on all overdue amounts owed to us 
Indemnification All damages and costs including attorneys' fees  Upon demand  You must defend, indemnify, and hold us and our affiliates, officers, directors, employees and agents harmless against any and all claims, losses, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees), liabilities, and damages arising directly or indirectly from, as a result of, or in connection with your operation of the Business.  
Insurance Reimbursement of our costs plus a $500 administrative fee On demand We may (but are not required to) obtain insurance coverage for your Daisy Business if you do not do so. 
Supplier Review Fee Our costs and expenses, or $5,000, whichever is greater Upon request Supplier Review Fees are paid to us. 
 
Notes: 
 
1. All fees paid to us or our affiliates are uniform and non-refundable once paid, except as may 
be required by applicable state law or as explicitly provided otherwise in the franchise 
agreement or area development agreement. Fees paid to vendors or other suppliers may be 
refundable depending on the vendors and suppliers. We currently require you to pay fees and 
other amounts due to us or our affiliates via electronic funds transfer ("EFT") or other similar 
means. You are required to complete the EFT authorization, as per the form attached to this 
Franchise Disclosure Document in Exhibit H-4. We can require an alternative payment 
method or payment frequency for any fees or amounts owed to us or our affiliates under the 
franchise agreement. If you enter into an Area Development Agreement to operate multiple 
Daisy Businesses, the fees indicated in the chart above are the fees charged and/or incurred 
for each Daisy Business.  Certain fees that we have indicated may increase over the term of 
the franchise agreement. 
 
2. "Gross Sales" means the total of all monies and receipts you derive in connection with the 
Business, and from all other business using the Marks, whether evidenced by cash, credit, 
check, gift certificate, gift card, script or other property or services, including all proceeds 
received from any business interruption insurance policy (including actual deposits in your 
bank  accounts  as  well  as  undeposited  cash  receipts).  Gross  Sales  also  include  all 
commissions,  finder's  fees,  referral  fees,  construction  management  fees  or other 
compensation you receive arising from the operations of the Business. Any amounts billed 
by you on behalf of the Business that remain unpaid after 90-days shall be included in Gross 
Sales for the period in which the 90-day mark is reached. Gross Sales does not include (i) 
promotional allowances or rebates paid to Franchisee in connection with its purchase of 
products or supplies; (ii) sales, use, merchants' or other taxes measured on the basis of the 
gross sales of the Business imposed by governmental authorities directly on sales or use and 
collected from customers, if the taxes are added to the selling price of your goods and services 
and are in fact paid by you to the appropriate governmental authorities; or (iii) the value of 
any coupons duly issued and approved by us, or any bona fide discounts or customer refunds 
approved by us. 
 
3. Local and Regional Advertising Cooperatives. If a local or regional advertising cooperative 
is established, contribution amounts will be established by the cooperative members, subject 
to our approval. We anticipate that each Daisy franchisee and each Daisy Business that we 
own will have one vote for each Daisy Business operated in the designated market. Each 
Daisy Business we own that exists within the cooperative's area will contribute to the 
cooperative on the same basis as franchisees and will have one vote for each subject being 
voted on, including fee amounts to be paid by cooperative members. Members of the 
cooperative will be responsible for administering the cooperative, subject to our oversight 
and final approval rights, including determining the amount of contributions from each 
member within ranges we establish. No local or regional advertising cooperatives have been 
established. 

ITEM 7: ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT 
Type of Expenditure Amount Method of Payment When Due To Whom Payment is to be Made 
Initial Franchise Fee $50,000 Lump Sum Upon Signing Us 
Utilities Deposits $1,500 - $2,000 As arranged As incurred Utility Companies 
Supplies, Tools, Equipment, and Inventory $10,000 - $32,000 As arranged As incurred Vendors 
Insurance $5,200 - $8,000 As arranged Varies Insurance Company 
Printing and Signage $1,200 - $3,000 As arranged As incurred Vendors 
Office Equipment $5,000 - $7,500 As arranged As incurred Vendors 
Rent/Security Deposit $1,500 - $3,000 As arranged As incurred Landlord 
Leasehold Improvements $0 - $20,000 As arranged As incurred Vendors 
Grand Opening Advertising $30,000 - $50,000 In accordance with your initial marketing plan approved by us Prior to commencing operations Vendors 
Vehicle $8,000 - $55,000 As arranged As incurred Vendors 
Permits and Licenses $1,000 - $4,000 As incurred Prior to commencing operations Government Authorities 
Professional Fees $2,500 - $5,000 As incurred As Necessary Third Parties 
Travel and Living Expenses While Training $5,000 - $10,000 As incurred As arranged Airline, Hotel, Restaurants 
Additional Funds – 3 months $15,000 - $50,000 As incurred As Necessary You Determine 
TOTAL $135,900 - $299,500    
 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT Conversion Franchise 
Type of Expenditure Amount Method of Payment When Due To Whom Payment is to be Made 
Initial Franchise Fee $25,000 Lump Sum Upon Signing Us 
Utilities Deposits $0 - $2,000 As arranged As incurred Utility Companies 
Supplies, Tools, Equipment, and Inventory $0 - $32,000 As arranged As incurred Vendors 
Insurance $0 - $8,000 As arranged Varies Insurance Company 
Printing and Signage $1,200 - $3,000 As arranged As incurred Vendors 
Office Equipment $0 - $7,500 As arranged As incurred Vendors 
Rent/Security Deposit $0 - $3,000 As arranged As incurred Landlord 
Leasehold Improvements $0 - $20,000 As arranged As incurred Vendors 
Grand Opening Advertising $0 - $50,000 In accordance with your initial marketing plan approved by us Prior to commencing operations Vendors 
Vehicle $0 - $55,000 As arranged As incurred Vendors 
Permits and Licenses $0 - $4,000 As incurred Prior to commencing operations Government Authorities 
Professional Fees $0 - $5,000 As incurred As Necessary Third Parties 
Travel and Living Expenses While Training $0 - $10,000 As incurred As arranged Airline, Hotel, Restaurants 
Additional Funds – 3 months $0 - $50,000 As incurred As Necessary You Determine 
TOTAL $26,200 - $274,500    
 
YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT Area Development Agreement 
Not available for Conversions 
Type of Expenditure Amount Method of Payment When Due To Whom Payment is to be Made 
Development Fee $90,000 - $140,000 (2 Units) – (4 Units) Lump Sum Upon execution of Area Development Agreement Us 
Initial Investment to Open Initial Daisy Business $85,900 - $249,500 See above charts of this Item 7. 
TOTALS $175,900 - $389,500  
 
Notes: 
1. These estimated initial expenses are our estimate of the costs you may incur in establishing 
and operating your Daisy Franchise. We do not offer direct or indirect financing for these 
items. All expenditures paid to us or our affiliates are uniform and nonrefundable under 
any circumstances once paid. All expenses payable to third parties are nonrefundable, 
unless otherwise specified in the individual agreements between you and the third party or 
as you may arrange for utility deposits and other payments. 
2. Initial Franchise Fee. The Initial Franchise Fee is described in greater detail in Item 5 of 
this Disclosure Document. All expenditures are non-refundable unless specifically noted 
otherwise. 
3. Equipment. In order to begin operations, you will need to purchase equipment from our 
approved vendors. The equipment necessary to begin operations includes tools and toolkits, 
wiring, outlets and inventory common in installations. If you are converting your existing 
business into a Daisy franchise, we will evaluate your existing equipment to determine if 
such equipment is sufficient. If your existing equipment is sufficient then you will not be 
required to purchase equipment from us. 
4. Leasehold  Improvements. If  you  are  converting  your  existing  business  into  a  Daisy 
franchise,  we  will  evaluate  your  existing premises to  determine any  leasehold 
improvements are necessary. If your existing premises is approved then you will not be 
required make any changes to the existing premises. 
5. Rent. Your Daisy location will be between 1,000 and 2,500 square feet. The amount of 
your monthly rent will depend on the site's size, condition, and location, your ability to 
negotiate with the landlord, and the demand for the site among prospective lessees. Your 
proposed site must be approved by us, which will be subject to our reasonable discretion. 
Our estimates assume that you will be leasing space. If you choose to purchase real property 
and construct a building for your Daisy Business, we cannot estimate how your initial 
investment  would  increase.  If  you  choose  to  purchase  real  property  and  construct  a 
building, we cannot estimate how your initial investment would increase. You may elect 
to build an experience center, or use a Daisy-provided experience center, which may 
require additional expenses beyond those listed above.  
6. Insurance. If you are converting your existing business into a Daisy franchise, we will not 
require that you obtain or increase your insurance coverage at the time of signing so long 
as  such  coverage  meets  our  then-current  minimum  requirements. We  may  increase 
coverage requirements during the term of your Franchise Agreement.  
7. Vehicle. You will be required to own at startup 1 vehicle of a type equivalent to a Chevy 
Silverado. These vehicles will be used to carry the equipment and provide services to 
customers in your market. The vehicles must be in excellent or better condition, clean, 
dent-free, wrapped according to our then-current standards and otherwise presenting a 
professional appearance. You may bring your own vehicles, purchase, or lease them. If you 
lease or finance the trucks, we estimate that you will be required to pay approximately 10% 
down and should be able to finance the balance of the truck over a four to six-year period 
with monthly payments of between $600 to $1,100 per vehicle. Your monthly payments 
will vary depending on cost of the truck, the time period of financing, and interest rates In 
addition, once you purchase the truck, it will cost $3000 - $4000 per vehicle to paint and 
install required signage on each vehicle. The financed estimate assumes the cost for down 
payment of the vehicle, monthly payments for a period of 3 months and cost to paint and 
wrap the vehicle.  
8. Permits and Licenses. If you are converting your existing business into a Daisy franchise, 
we will not require that you obtain new or additional permits unless necessary to meet our 
then-current minimum requirements. 
9. Professional Fees. We recommend, but do not require, that you have a minimum amount 
of money available to cover any legal or accounting fees that you may incur in establishing 
the Business. Your actual costs may vary based on the complexity of services needed. 
10. Travel and Living Expenses While Training. If you are converting your existing business 
into a Daisy franchise, you may be permitted to train online or have in-person training 
waived depending on your existing business, product lines, skills and needs. 
11. Additional Funds. We recommend, but do not require, that you have a minimum amount 
of money available to cover operating expenses, including employees' salaries, for the first 
twelve months that the Business is open and the portion of the Grand Opening Advertising 
to be spent after opening. This estimate does not include a salary for you or the Designated 
Manager. If you are converting your existing business into a Daisy franchise, you may have 
sufficient additional funds from your prior operations and no new additional funds may be 
necessary. 
12. Total. In compiling this chart, we relied on the experience of our recently acquired affiliate-
owned business and franchisee-owned business both of which have been operating since 
2011 and are similar to the one offered in this Disclosure Document.  
13. Initial Investment to Open Initial Daisy Business. This figure represents the total estimated 
initial investment required to open the initial Daisy Business you agreed to open and 
operate under the Area Development Agreement. You will be required to enter into our 
then-current form of franchise agreement for the initial Daisy Business you open under 
your Area Development Agreement. The range includes all the items outlined in earlier in 
this  Item  7,  except  for  the  Initial  Franchise  Fee  because  it  is  accounted  for  in  the 
Development Fee. It does not include any of the costs you will incur in opening any 
additional Daisy Businesses that you are granted the right to open and operate under your 
Area Development Agreement. 

ITEM 19: FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS 
  
The FTC's Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to provide information about the actual or potential 
financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable basis 
for  the  information,  and  if  the  information  is  included  in  the  disclosure  document.  Financial 
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a 
franchisor provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a 
franchisor  supplements the  information  provided  in  this  Item  19,  for  example,  by  providing 
information about possible performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances. 
 
This Item sets forth historical financial performance data for three franchise locations operating 
under the Daisyco system during the 2024 calendar year. The representation includes revenue, 
gross profit, labor costs, and sales performance, as well as performance metrics from a pilot 
program for a recurring revenue service known as "DaisyCare." 
 
Project-Based Revenue and Labor Performance 
 
 Franchised Location (Costa Mesa, CA) Franchised Location (Sarasota, FL) Company Owned Location (Norwalk, CT) 
Number of Install Jobs 158 85 30 
Average Job Size $27,136.06 $20,030.74 $70,796.86 
Project Revenue $4,287,497.47 — $2,123,905.74 
Number of Field Technicians 6 3 3.5 
Revenue per Field Technician $714,582.91 $567,537.62 $623,989.56 
* Note: Project Revenue excludes service or maintenance income. 
 
Overall Financial Metrics 
 Franchised Location (Costa Mesa, CA) Franchised Location (Sarasota, FL) Company Owned Location (Norwalk, CT) 
Total Revenue $4,539,006.30 $1,702,612.85 $2,183,963.47 
Gross Profit $2,827,797.92 $957,982.28 $1,397,910.53 
Gross Profit Margin 62.3% 56.3% 64.0% 
Direct   Labor   & Benefits $1,136,470.26 $303,233.66 $377,943.07 
Gross  Margin  After Labor $1,691,327.67 $654,748.62 $1,019,967.46 
 
Sales Team Performance 
 Franchised Location (Costa Mesa, CA) Franchised Location (Sarasota, FL) Company Owned Location (Norwalk, CT) 
Avg. Salesperson Revenue $1,513,002.10 $1,702,612.85 $1,455,975.65 
Salesperson Count 3 1 2 
Salesperson Cost as % of Revenue 8% 7% 6% 
*Note: Salesperson performance includes new project sales only and does not account for recurring 
or service-based revenue streams. 
 
California "DaisyCare" Pilot Program 
 Low High Average 
Proposal Value per Visit $959.95 $2,823.67 $1,526.58 
Quoted Revenue per Visit $643.00 $1,664.00 $969.64 
*The DaisyCare service is still being evaluated for broader implementation across the franchise 
system. The revenue figures shown above represent quoted and proposed values, which may not 
reflect closed sales or collected revenue. 
*The total number of DaisyCare visits during 2024 was 408. 
 
Notes: 
 
1. Historical  Performance:  The financial  information  presented  above  reflects  historical 
results from select franchised locations. These results are not intended to be, and should 
not be construed as, a projection or forecast of what your franchise may earn. 
2. Variability: Performance varies based on numerous factors including geographic market, 
experience, and operational efficiency. You should conduct an independent investigation 
of the business opportunity and consult with existing franchisees. 
3. Data Sources: The financial data was derived from internal company systems and has not 
been audited. The DaisyCare pilot results are based on preliminary field data and may be 
refined. 
4. Limitations: Not all units in the system achieved the results stated. Your results may differ. 
Some  Outlets  have  earned  this  amount.  Your  individual  results  may  differ.  There  is  no 
assurance that you'll earn as much. 
 
Written substantiation of the financial performance representation will be made available to the 
prospective franchisee upon reasonable request. 
 
Other  than  the  preceding  financial  performance  representations,  we  do  not  make  any 
representations about a franchisee's future financial performance or the past financial performance 
of company-owned or franchised outlets. We also do not authorize our employees or representatives 
to make any such representations either orally or in writing. If you are purchasing an existing outlet, 
however, we may provide you with the actual records of that outlet. If you receive any other financial 
performance information or projections of your future income, you should report it to the franchisor's 
management by contacting Daisyco Franchising, LLC at 1117 Baker Street, #A, Costa Mesa, CA 
92626 and (909) 979-1830, the Federal Trade Commission, and the appropriate state regulatory 
agencies.
