ITEM 12
TERRITORY
Territory and Business Location
You will receive a designated protected territory (the “Territory”) for the AHS Business that will be
delineated by zip codes as determined by the business map software that we utilize. Your Territory will
include the businesses in the Territory. We currently use Fract operated by Fract, Inc. located in San
Francisco, California, to determine the number of households in a particular Territory. As long as you are
not in default of your Franchise Agreement, we will not operate or permit another AHS Business to
operate within your Territory. Your Territory will be determined by you and us before you sign your
Franchise Agreement and will be set forth in the Addendum to your Franchise Agreement. The size and
configuration of your Territory is based on the number of households.
You will operate from one location that you select as your Business Location. You are solely responsible
for selecting and acquiring the premises for your Business Location. You must obtain our prior written
approval of any Business Location, including any relocation of your Business Location. We will
generally approve your Business Location and any relocation of it, if the Business Location is within your
Territory and meets our then-current standards for your Business Location. If we do not approve your
Business Location, you must select another location for our approval. Unless extended by us, you must
select and acquire a Business Location within 90 days following the effective date of the Franchise
Agreement. You may not commence operations of your AHS Business until such time as you have
obtained an approved Business Location. If you are operating multiple AHS Businesses in adjacent
territories, we may agree to allow you to operate from a single Business Location centrally located in the
combined territories pursuant to the terms of the Multi-Territory Addendum. We will not allow the use of
a single Business Location under the Multi-Territory Addendum if having a single Business Location will
prevent your AHS Businesses from appearing with reasonable priority in a Google search throughout the
combined territories, or if we otherwise determine that the use of a single Business Location decreases the
business visibility for purposes of online advertising.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

Minimum Annual Gross Revenues
You will be required to achieve minimum gross revenues on an annual basis (the “Minimum Annual
Gross Revenues”) as set forth below:
Operating Year Minimum Annual
of Franchise Agreement Gross Revenues
Year 1 $200,000
Year 2 $400,000
Year 3 and thereafter $500,000
If you acquire a Mini AHS Business, you will be required to achieve Minimum Annual Gross Revenues
as set forth below:
Operating Year Minimum Annual
of Franchise Agreement Gross Revenues
Year 1 $100,000
Year 2 $200,000
Year 3 and thereafter $250,000
The Minimum Annual Gross Revenues for your AHS Business will not change if there is an increase or
decrease in the number of households during the term of your Franchise Agreement. If you have entered
into multiple Franchise Agreements with us, you must meet the Minimum Annual Gross Revenues for
each Franchise Agreement unless we agree otherwise. However, if you execute a Multi-Territory
Addendum for the operation of multiple AHS Businesses in adjacent territories, that Multi-Territory
Addendum will specify a combined Minimum Annual Gross Revenues amount that you must meet from
all of those AHS Businesses and territories combined. The amount of the Minimum Annual Gross
Revenues designated under a Multi-Territory Addendum will be negotiated between the franchisee and us
based on the characteristics of the territories, and may vary from the standard amounts described above
that apply for each AHS Business.
Following the end of each year after commencement of operations by you (an “operating year”), we will
compute your total Gross Revenues for the just completed operating year. If you fail to achieve the
minimum gross revenue in any operating year, we reserve the right to charge you for the royalty fee
and/or National Brand Fund fee based on the Minimum Annual Gross Revenues instead of your actual
Gross Revenues. We will invoice you for the difference between the amount of Royalty Fee and/or
National Brand Fee due based on the Minimum Annual Gross Revenues, less the actual Royalty Fee
and/or National Brand Fee paid to us during the applicable operating year.
If your actual Gross Revenues are less than the applicable Minimum Annual Gross Revenue for two
consecutive operating years, or in any three operating years during the term of your Franchise Agreement,
then we have the right to (i) terminate your Franchise Agreement, (ii) award additional franchises within
the Territory or otherwise permit another franchisee to operate within the Territory, (iii) reduce the
geographic size of your Territory, or (iv) any combination of the above options.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

We have the right, in our sole discretion and on a case-by-case basis, to waive the obligation of you or
any other franchisee to meet the Minimum Annual Gross Revenues requirement or to pay any fees or
make expenditures calculated based on the applicable Minimum Annual Gross Revenues.
Commercial Quality Service Program
If you perform work or provide services to commercial customers in your Territory, you must participate
in our Commercial Quality Service Program. Under this program, you agree to a review by us, our
representative or the commercial client of the level of services you provided to a commercial customer. If
we determine that you have not provided a satisfactory level and quality of service, then we may, in our
sole discretion, appoint another franchisee of ours to perform any future services for that commercial
customer, regardless of whether the commercial customer is located or operates in your Territory.
Referral Customer Contact
If we or another franchisee of ours operating outside of your Territory refer a prospective customer to
you, you are required to contact that prospective customer within 24 hours of receiving the prospective
customer’s contact information from us or the other franchisee. If you fail to contact the prospective
customer within that time period, we, in our sole discretion, shall have the right to assign another
franchisee the right to contact the prospective customer and perform the services initially requested and
all services later requested by the same prospective customer in the future, regardless of the fact that the
prospective customer is located within your Territory.
General
Subject to your requirement to meet Minimum Annual Gross Revenues, comply with our Commercial
Quality Service Program and respond to referral customers, all as discussed above, we will not operate, or
permit another franchisee to operate, within your Territory. However, because of these requirements,
your Territory is not deemed to be an exclusive Territory.
You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees, from
outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.
You will maintain rights to your Territory (or Territories), even though the number of households may
increase.
You do not receive the automatic right to acquire additional franchises adjacent to your Territory. You
may be granted, in our sole discretion, permission to sell or service customers in an unsold Territory
adjacent to your Territory (an “Adjacent Territory”). However, when an Adjacent Territory is granted to
another franchisee, you must, upon receipt of written notice from us, cease all sales and service efforts
within the Adjacent Territory, and deliver to us, within 10 days of notice, all customer and prospect
information related to customers and prospects located in the Adjacent Territory.
The Franchise Agreement gives you no options, rights of first refusal, or similar options to acquire any
additional franchises from us, although we may in our discretion offer you the right to acquire additional
franchises in the future.
Except as expressly stated above, you may not operate your AHS Business outside of your Territory
without our prior written consent. If you market, provide or sell any of the products or services of the
AHS Business within the territory of any AHS Business owned by us, any affiliate of ours or any other
franchisee of ours, without our prior written consent, we will have the right to terminate your Franchise
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

Agreement effective immediately upon notice. You are prohibited from using other channels of
distribution, such as the Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing, or other direct marketing, to make sales
outside of your Territory, without our prior written consent.
We have and retain the right under the Franchise Agreement to develop and establish other franchise
systems for similar, the same, or different products or services utilizing proprietary marks not now or in
the future designated as part of the Ace Handyman Services System licensed under the Franchise
Agreement, and to grant licenses for these other franchise or license systems without providing you any
right in those systems. We retain the right to open, operate, sell, manage and/or franchise AHS
Businesses outside your Territory. We are not restricted from the pursuit of any other business concept,
or the distribution of proprietary equipment and supplies, if any, to wholesalers or other distribution
outlets (other than AHS Businesses) or by Internet, catalog, mail order, telemarketing, other direct
marketing sales or otherwise, whether inside or outside the Territory. We may use our Marks and Ace
Handyman Services System in connection with the provision of other services and products or in
alternative channels of distribution (including by Internet, catalog, mail order, telemarketing or other
direct marketing sales), inside or outside of the Territory. We are not required to compensate you for
soliciting or accepting orders inside your Territory. Our ultimate parent, Ace Hardware, or any other
company affiliated with Ace Hardware other than us, may use trademarks or service marks similar to our
Marks and methods of doing business that are similar to the System, in connection with providing or
franchising others to provide services and products that may be similar to or include some of the services
you may offer in your AHS Business, including, by way of example but not by limitation, stand alone
“Ace Hardware Painting” or “Ace Hardware Plumbing” businesses, inside or outside of the Territory.
(See Section 4.4 of FA.)
Our affiliate APF began to offer franchises for Ace Hardware Painting Services businesses in 2022 under
the service mark ACE HARDWARE PAINTING SERVICESSM, which businesses provide painting
services for residential and commercial properties that may be deemed similar to the services offered by
an AHS Business. Our affiliate AHHS currently operates Ace Hardware Painting Services businesses in
Colorado, Missouri and Virginia. Since an AHS Business and an Ace Hardware Painting Services
business have separate focuses, we do not anticipate conflicts between AHS Businesses and Ace
Hardware Painting Services businesses regarding territory, customers, or franchisor support, but in the
event of any conflicts we and APF shall resolve them as we deem appropriate in our discretion. These
Ace Hardware Painting Services businesses may solicit and accept orders in your Territory. APF shares
our principal office address. We also share training facilities with APF.
Our affiliate AHHS also operates an Ace Hardware Plumbing Services business under the name
LEGACY PLUMBING® in the Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas metropolitan area. AHHS may expand into
other areas in the future. Our affiliate APLF intends to offer franchises in the future for Ace Hardware
Plumbing Services businesses under the service mark ACE HARDWARE PLUMBING SERVICESSM,
which businesses will provide plumbing services for residential and commercial properties that may be
deemed similar to the services offered by an AHS business. Since an AHS Business and an Ace
Hardware Plumbing Services business have separate focuses, we do not anticipate conflicts between AHS
Businesses and Ace Hardware Plumbing Services businesses regarding territory, customers, or franchisor
support, but in the event of any conflicts we and APLF shall resolve them as we deem appropriate in our
discretion. These Ace Hardware Plumbing Services businesses may solicit and accept orders in your
Territory.
Our affiliate AHHS also operates a number of HVAC businesses that offer in-home and commercial
HVAC services. Some of these businesses, may also provide plumbing and electrical services. While it
is not expected that the services offered by any of the HVAC business will compete with the types of
services offered through an AHS Business, it is possible that some overlap of services may exist. In the
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

event of any conflicts we and AHHS shall resolve them as we deem appropriate in our discretion. AHHS
may solicit and accept orders in your Territory.
We can develop, acquire or be acquired by, or engage in any other transaction with other businesses,
companies and/or units (competitive or not), that are or will be located anywhere, including arrangements
where other units are (or are not) converted to the Ace Handyman Services System or other format, or in
which company-owned, franchised or other businesses (including your AHS Business) are (or are not)
converted to another format (whether competitive or not), or both, and is maintained as the same concept,
as a new concept, or as a separate concept in your protected Territory. You must fully cooperate with any
of these conversions, at your sole expense.