ITEM 14
PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION
No patents or pending patent applications are material to the franchise.
No copyrights, other than common law copyrights in the Operations Manual, are material to the franchise.
The Operations Manual contains our confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets regarding
the operations of an AHS Business. We may modify the Operations Manual in our sole discretion, but
the modifications will not alter your status and rights under your Franchise Agreement. We have
included a copy of the Table of Contents for our Operations Manual as Attachment G to this Disclosure
Document.
You can use the proprietary information in the Operations Manual only as permitted by your Franchise
Agreement. You must maintain the confidentiality of our Operations Manual and adopt reasonable
procedures to prevent unauthorized disclosure of it. You are required to promptly tell us if you learn
about unauthorized use of this proprietary information. We are not obligated to take any action, but we
will respond to this information as we think appropriate. We will indemnify you against losses claimed
by a third party concerning your use of this information. Our right to use or license this information is not
materially limited by any agreement or known infringing use. There are no determinations of any
administrative office or any court regarding these copyrighted materials or the proprietary information.
We own all records concerning the customers, suppliers, and independent contractors and other service
professionals of, and/or related in any way to, your AHS Business, including all databases (whether in
print, electronic or other form), with customer and potential customer names, addresses, phone numbers
and e-mail addresses, and customer purchase records. You own all records concerning your employees.
We may use, permit any third party to use, or transfer our records in any way we wish, both before and
after any termination, expiration, repurchase, transfer or otherwise. (See Section 15.9 of FA.) We may
contact any and/or all of your customers, suppliers, and independent contractors and other service
professionals for quality control, market research and any other purposes we deem appropriate, in our sole
and absolute discretion. We have the right to inspect and audit your records, the records of certain
individuals and companies affiliated with your AHS Business, and the records of the immediate family
members, generally meaning spouses, parents, siblings, and adult children, of you and these affiliated
individuals.
We may require you to cause each of your officers, directors, partners or shareholders, and any member
of your or their immediate families, as applicable, to execute our standard Nondisclosure and
Noncompetition Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this Disclosure Document as Attachment B.
You must provide us a copy of each Nondisclosure and Noncompetition Agreement at the time it is
signed and thereafter upon our request. You also will not disclose the contents of any materials we deem
confidential to anyone other than those persons who have an obligation of confidentiality to you.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)