ITEM 5
INITIAL FEES
Initial Fees
The Initial Franchise Fee for a single AHS Business franchise is $70,000 for a Territory size of up to
70,000 households. If your actual Territory size exceeds 70,000 households, the Initial Franchise Fee is
increased $1.00 for each additional household located in the Territory, up to a maximum Territory size of
100,000 households. On occasion, we have, and may continue to, negotiate a reduced Initial Franchise
Fee for people acquiring more than five Territories at the same time.
If, with our consent, you acquire a Mini AHS Business, the Initial Franchise Fee is $35,000 for a
Territory size of up to 35,000 households. If your actual Territory size exceeds 35,000 households, the
Initial Franchise Fee is increased $1.00 for each additional household located in the Territory, up to a
maximum Territory size of 45,000 households.
All Territories include the businesses in the Territory.
If you acquire multiple Territories, you will sign a separate Franchise Agreement and pay the Initial
Franchise Fee for each Territory you acquire.
The amount of the Initial Franchise Fee payable by you will be noted in Exhibit I to the Franchise
Agreement (the “Addendum”) and is due in full upon the signing of the Franchise Agreement.
Discounts
Additional Territory Discount. If you are an existing franchisee of ours that: (a) has been
operating an AHS Business for at least six months, (b) meets our qualifications for a new franchisee of
ours, and (c) are purchasing an additional Territory from us (for which you are signing a separate
franchise agreement), you may receive a discount of $14,000 off of the Initial Franchise Fee for the
additional Territory you may acquire.
Additional Concept Discount. If you own and operate an existing franchisee that you acquired
from an affiliate of ours, are in full compliance under your franchise agreement with our affiliate for at
least one year, and you meet our qualifications for a new franchisee of ours, you may receive a discount
of $14,000 off of the Initial Franchise Fee for a new franchise from us.
VetFran Discount. We are a member of the International Franchise Association’s VetFran
initiative. If you have served as a veteran of any branch of the United States Armed Forces and received
an honorable discharge, you may receive a discount of $7,000 off of the Initial Franchise Fee for the first
Franchise Agreement you sign.
Discounts may not be combined. If you qualify for multiple discounts, the largest discount available to
you will be granted.
General
All of the initial fees described in this ITEM 5 are fully earned by us on signing of the Franchise
Agreement and are entirely non-refundable in all events.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)