ITEM 8
RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Operations
You will establish and operate your AHS Business in compliance with your Franchise Agreement, and
with the standards and specifications contained in an Operations Manual that we make available to you
(the “Operations Manual”). The Operations Manual is designed to protect our reputation and the
goodwill of the Marks. It is not designed to control the day-to-day operations of your AHS Business.
You will use our scheduling software, which we grant you access to in exchange for your payment of the
Software and Internet Fee. Our third party designated vendor is the supplier of this software. You will
also obtain website development services, search engine optimization, and other online marketing
services from our designated suppliers, which are independent third parties. We currently bill you for
these required services by charging the Software and Internet Fee and pay the suppliers on your behalf.
We currently use Ingeniux Corporation (“IGX”) to service and maintain our website. You will enter into
a Participation Agreement with IGX to permit you to receive access to IGX’s Vendor SaaS Services. A
copy of the IGX Participation Agreement is attached to this Disclosure Document as Attachment N.
If you do not already have it, you will need to obtain computer hardware and software that meets our
minimum specifications. You will also need a smart phone or other device approved by us that meets our
minimum specifications for receiving and sending e-mails remotely, unless you already own one you will
use in the AHS Business. You are required to answer your AHS Business’ phone during regular business
hours by a live person, which may be your Office Manager or an answering service.
Approved Suppliers
We currently have approved suppliers from whom you will purchase or otherwise acquire certain
materials, supplies, services and items of equipment that you will use in or sell and install in customer
locations through your AHS Business. We also currently have approved suppliers from whom you will
purchase digital advertising services and merchant processing services. We will provide you with
information on these suppliers after you sign the Franchise Agreement. Ace Hardware and its network of
retailers (collectively, the “Ace Suppliers”), some of whom are owned by Ace Hardware, are approved
suppliers of certain goods, materials, supplies, fixtures, equipment, and inventory used in your AHS
Business. You are required to purchase all materials, supplies and goods needed to run your AHS
Business from an Ace Supplier, but only when an item is in stock or readily available, and competitively
priced.
In addition to the Ace Suppliers, we may in the future require you to purchase certain goods, services,
supplies, fixtures, equipment, and inventory used in your AHS Business from other approved suppliers.
If we do require you to purchase any other goods and services from only approved or designated
suppliers, we will advise you of those suppliers.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

Except as noted above and in the Operations Manual, you may purchase any products, services, supplies,
fixtures, equipment, and inventory from any supplier.
Once we designate a particular supplier for a particular product or service, if you want to utilize similar
materials or services in your AHS Business from a supplier that has not previously been approved by us,
you will need to first obtain our approval.
We do not have written criteria for supplier approval, and therefore written criteria are not provided to our
franchisees. However, we may require that you submit specifications, information or samples of the
items for our review to determine if they meet our specifications and standards set forth in the Operations
Manual as to quality, content, composition and service. We will advise you within 30 days after we
receive the required information whether the items or proposed suppliers meet our specifications. We do
not currently require that a fee be paid to us to secure supplier approval; however, we may require a fee in
the future, and in our discretion, we may require the supplier to reimburse us for any expenses we incur in
determining if the supplier meets our specifications and standards. We may revoke our approval of any
supplier previously approved by written notice to the supplier and each licensee using that supplier.
Ace Hardware is one of our approved suppliers and you are required to purchase certain goods and
services from the Ace Suppliers for your AHS Business. Otherwise, neither we nor any affiliate of ours is
currently an approved supplier for any goods or services for your AHS Business, although we reserve the
right to designate ourselves or other affiliates as approved suppliers for certain goods or services in the
future.
Vans and Trucks
You are required to purchase or lease a vehicle for every three craftsmen you employ working an average
of 30 hours per week or more. For example, you must purchase one vehicle when you have three
craftsmen working an average of 30 hours per week or more, two vehicles when you have six such
craftsmen, three vehicles when you have nine such craftsmen, etc.
Currently, our recommendation is that the vehicle be a white, gray, red, or black van or truck and capable
of being monikered with our required vehicle designs and logo. We may change our requirements in the
future.
You may acquire additional vans or trucks provided all vans and trucks used in your AHS Business are
approved by us and must display our approved vehicle design advertising and logo. In the event that you
use a personal vehicle in your AHS Business that is not one of the required vehicles, we may require you
use a vehicle magnet with our logo or name on such vehicle.
Additional Information
We may derive revenue from purchases or leases of inventory and equipment from any approved supplier
of ours on account of their dealings with you and other franchisees. During our last fiscal year (ending
December 28, 2024), we did not derive any revenues from materials sold to our franchisees. We do not
derive revenues from real estate leases. No officer of ours owns any interest in any of our approved
suppliers.
In the fiscal year ending December 28, 2024, Ace Hardware’s revenues, which includes the revenues
from its subsidiaries, Westlake and GLA, from the sale of merchandise and services to its network of Ace
Hardware retail stores was approximately $8.3 billion out of its consolidated total revenue of
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

approximately $9.5 billion. In 2024, based on tracking mechanisms implemented in Ace Hardware retail
stores, approximately $977,000 of its revenues was derived from sales of products to our franchisees.
We estimate that the cost of your purchases of materials meeting our specifications will represent
approximately 8 to 15 percent of your total purchases in establishing your franchise. We estimate that
purchases in accordance with our standards and specifications will comprise 80 to 90 percent of the
product purchase requirements for the ongoing operations of an AHS Business.
We currently do not privately label any products, but we reserve the right to do so in the future.
Other than the purchasing arrangement with the Ace Suppliers, we do not currently, but reserve the right
in the future to, negotiate purchase arrangements with suppliers, including preferred pricing
arrangements, for the benefit of our franchisees. Further, we do not currently, but reserve the right in the
future to, receive payments from approved suppliers with respect to your purchases.
Except as is described in this ITEM 8, you do not receive a material benefit from us based on your use of
any particular designated or approved sources or your purchase of particular products or services.