ITEM 11
FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEMS AND TRAINING
Except as listed below, we are not required to provide you with any assistance.
Pre-Opening Assistance
Before you open your business, we or our designee will:
(Section 8.1 of Franchise Agreement (“FA”) unless otherwise noted)
1. Designate your protected Territory.
2. Provide you access to our scheduling software, an Internet site for prospective customers,
an e-mail account and an Intranet site for you and other franchisees.
3. Provide you with the specifications of all initial and replacement equipment, inventory
and supplies required for the operation of your AHS Business, all as specified in the Operations Manual,
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

and a list of all approved suppliers of any services, equipment, inventory or supplies that we require you
use.
4. Provide you with pre-opening and opening activities, including during the first several
weeks of operation of your AHS Business. These activities will include providing you with a list of
information about tasks you need to complete to establish your business, assisting you in completing
those tasks and assigning a field support TEAM member to begin assisting you with completion of the
startup list.
5. Provide you access to our proprietary project management start-up onboarding program,
which includes proprietary and confidential guidance and resources for setting up an AHS Business,
insurance resources, and approved supplier information.
6. Make available to you during the term of your Franchise Agreement one copy of our
confidential Operations Manual, which may be provided electronically to you and which contains
mandatory and suggested specifications, standards, operating procedures and rules, arts and graphics for
advertising, and required product and service warranties. (Section 9.3 of FA.)
7. Within 90 days of you signing the Franchise Agreement, train you and up to three other
people during a required 20-29 hour initial training program, which may be conducted in-person or
virtually via video conference. We may waive or modify the required initial business training program in
our sole discretion.
We do not provide the above services to franchisees acquiring a successor franchise.
Continuing Assistance
During the operation of your AHS Business, we or our designee will:
(Section 10.1 of FA unless otherwise noted)
1. Within the first 90 days of operation of your AHS Business, provide to you
approximately 18 to 24 hours (over two to three business days) of on-site training at your Business
Location.
2. Research new products, services and methods of doing business and provide you with
information concerning developments of this research.
3. Make ourselves available to you on a reasonable basis via telephone, text, and/or e-mail
during our regular business hours to discuss your operational questions and experiences.
4. Provide regular communications on current best practices through telephone calls,
webinars, video conferences, e-mail and other electronic communications, internal blogs, and other
means.
5. Hold annual conferences to discuss sales techniques, new product developments, new
service suggestions, accounting, inventory control, performance standards, advertising programs,
merchandising procedures and/or other topics deemed relevant by us. We may require you to attend these
conferences. (Section 6.4 of FA.)
6. Send to you and to customers periodic online newsletters that we produce from time to
time.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

7. At our discretion, conduct additional training programs at a location agreed upon by you
and us, or virtually via video conference. (Section 6.4 of FA.)
8. Make available to you marketing programs, advertising designs, advertising campaigns,
and camera-ready artwork. We may charge you for these materials. (Sections 10.1 and 13.1 of FA.)
9. Assist in local market research and provide guidance and assistance to you in
recommending the prices to be charged by you for the services and products provided by you. Unless
prohibited by applicable law, we may periodically set a maximum, minimum, or set price that you may
advertise and charge for services and products offered by your AHS Business. If we establish a
maximum price for any services or products, you shall not offer or sell those services or products at any
greater price. If we establish a minimum price for any services or products, you shall not offer or sell
those services or products at any lesser price. If we establish a set price for any services or products, you
shall offer or sell those services or products only at that price. If we do not establish pricing limits, we
may establish suggested prices. In that case, any prices that we recommend to you are merely
recommendations and you may establish your own prices, which may be higher or lower than our
recommended prices. You must abide by our advertising policies related to advertising prices. We may
also establish subscription package programs for residential or commercial customers periodically and
may require you to offer those subscription packages and otherwise comply with the programs in your
AHS Business.
10. Provide you access to our scheduling software and all upgrades, an e-mail account, an
Internet site for prospective customers, and an Intranet site for you and other franchisees, and to social
media accounts for your AHS Business that we deem relevant for the brand. We reserve the right to
discontinue providing the e-mail account and Intranet site if technology advancements or solutions make
these obsolete or impractical to provide or take the place of these tools. You may not create, have or use
any other social media accounts related to your AHS Business other than the ones we provide.
11. Assist with your initial marketing campaign. (Section 13.2 of FA.)
12. Permit you to use our Marks in accordance with our specifications. (Sections 2.1 and
15.1 of FA.)
13. Permit you to use the Ace Handyman Services System, as it may be modified. (Sections
2.1 and 15.3 of FA.)
Marketing
Local Marketing
At your initial training, we will provide you with a suggested marketing plan, marketing materials,
advertising designs, advertising campaigns, camera-ready artwork, and budgeting templates and discuss
the budgeting, execution, and maintenance of your marketing program.
For your initial marketing activities, you must spend between $8,000 and $12,000 in the period starting
30 days before opening, and continuing through the end of the second full month after opening of your
franchise. You will pay this amount to the vendors who will assist you in developing and running your
marketing activities. You must also hold a Grand Opening event. For your Grand Opening activity, you
must spend between $1,000 and $4,000 on that event. You will pay this amount to vendors who will
assist you in creating marketing materials and give aways for this activity.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

Beginning with the third full month of operation of your AHS Business through the end of your first
Contract Year, you must spend at least $30,000, increasing to $40,000 for your second Contract Year, and
$50,000 for each Contract Year thereafter as your Minimum Individual Marketing Expenditure. If you
acquire a Mini AHS Businesses, these amounts are respectively reduced to $15,000, $20,000, and
$25,000 for these periods. These amounts are in addition to the National Brand Fee that you will pay to
us. We will review your spend amounts each six months and if you are not on pace to meet or exceed the
required Minimum Individual Marketing Expenditure, you must increase your Minimum Individual
Marketing Expenditure for the second six months of the applicable 12-month period to meet the required
annual Minimum Individual Marketing Expenditure.
We may designate as approved suppliers required or recommended media or advertising agencies or other
vendors for certain types of marketing for your AHS Business at our discretion. Expenditures on online
marketing services and products acquired through a third-party vendor shall count toward this Minimum
Individual Marketing Expenditure.
If there is an Ace Hardware store located in or near your Territory, we encourage, but do not require, you
to do promotions of your AHS Business through those stores. Independent Ace Hardware dealers are not
required to participate in any such promotions and there is no assurance they will do so.
If you execute a Multi-Territory Addendum for the operation of multiple AHS Businesses in adjacent
territories, that Multi-Territory Addendum will specify a combined Minimum Individual Marketing
Expenditure amount that will apply to those AHS Businesses and territories as a whole.
To protect the standards of the Ace Handyman Services System and brand, before using any promotional
and advertising materials, you are required to submit to us or to our designated agency, for our prior
written approval, all information pertaining to promotional materials and advertising initiated by you,
including written advertisements, radio and television scripts, Internet sites, social media advertising,
vehicle wraps or vehicle magnets, or any promotional creative materials. If we do not give you our
written approval or disapproval of any advertising and promotional material submitted to us by you
within seven business days from the date the information is received by us, the materials will be deemed
approved as submitted. Notwithstanding our approval of any advertising created or used by you, you are
responsible for the accuracy of all advertising content used by you, and your obligation to comply with all
of our advertising standards and specifications and all applicable legal requirements relating to
advertising and promotional material. You may only use gift certificates that have been approved by us.
You will submit to us a local advertising and marketing expenditure report accurately reflecting
expenditures, in a form and by methods as required by us in the Operations Manual or otherwise.
In all advertising and promotional materials, you must display your business name only in obvious
conjunction with the phrase, “Locally Owned and Independently Operated Franchise of Ace Handyman
Franchising, Inc.” or similar statement approved by us.
Local Advertising Groups
We may require you to join a Local Advertising Group that includes other franchisees in your market
area. If so, we may direct you to pay all or part of your Minimum Individual Marketing Expenditure to
the Local Advertising Group. The membership, rules and regulations of a Local Advertising Group,
including how advertising fees are to be spent, will be determined by the Local Advertising Group’s
member franchisees, but must be approved in advance by us. The Local Advertising Group must operate
based on written governing documents, and those documents will be available for review by franchisees.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

A Local Advertising Group must provide quarterly financial reports to us, and those reports will be
available for review by franchisees at our headquarters. We can require Local Advertising Groups to be
changed, dissolved or merged. If a Local Advertising Group is established in a market area, all company-
owned AHS Businesses operating in that market area, if any, will contribute to the Local Advertising
Group on the same basis as franchisees.
National Fund
We have established the Ace Handyman Services National Brand Fund (the “National Fund”). You must
pay 2 percent of your Gross Revenues, (subject to any adjustment based on you not meeting your required
Minimum Annual Gross Revenues as discussed in ITEM 12) to the National Fund (the “National Brand
Fee”). Unless we direct otherwise, the National Brand Fee is payable each month with the Royalty Fee
based on the prior month’s Gross Revenues. Payments into the National Fund are in addition to your
Minimum Individual Marketing Expenditure requirements.
The creation of advertising materials and provision of other advertising and marketing services will be
provided to you through the National Fund. We may occasionally place advertising for the entire Ace
Handyman Services System through the National Fund. We reserve the right to use brand fees from the
National Fund to place advertising in regional or national media (including broadcast, print, Internet or
other media). The National Fund will be used to promote the services and products sold by franchisees
and company-owned operations, to provide media placement for national recruitment of craftsmen, and
for such other purposes as determined in our sole discretion to promote the Ace Handyman Services
System and brand, including participation in charitable events and programs. It will not be used to sell
additional franchises, except as stated below. (See Section 13.5 of FA.)
We may use outside advertising and marketing agencies to create advertising material.
We may charge you the costs of any marketing materials we produce or print for our franchisees. In that
event, you must pay us upon receipt for all marketing materials purchased from us unless we agree to
different terms. We have never charged for marketing materials we produced or printed for our
franchisees in the past.
We may require that you include a brief statement in your advertising that AHS Business franchise
locations are available and the contact information for acquiring AHS Businesses, and we may include
this type of statement in any advertising developed by the National Fund.
All company-owned Ace Handyman Services locations, if any, will contribute to the National Fund on the
same basis as franchisees. All payments to the National Fund will be spent on advertising, promotion and
marketing of goods and services provided by us. We cannot ensure that you or any franchisee will benefit
directly or on a prorata basis from placement of advertising through the National Fund.
The National Fund will not be required to operate under written governing documents. Our accounting
and marketing personnel will administer the National Fund, and a portion of the salaries of those
employees may be paid by the National Fund.
The National Fund will be accounted for separately from our other funds and will not be used to defray
any of our general operating expenses, except for any accounting and marketing personnel salaries,
administrative costs, overhead and other expenses we may reasonably incur in activities related to the
National Fund and its programs (including conducting marketing research, preparing advertising and
marketing materials, insurance, legal costs and collecting and accounting for the National Fund, as well as
protecting the brand in any closed markets). In any event, we may charge the National Fund for
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

attorney’s fees and other costs related in any way to our defense of any claims against us regarding the
National Fund (including our management of the National Fund) or regarding collecting amounts due
and/or expenditures by or from the National Fund. We may, in our sole discretion, spend in any fiscal
year an amount greater or less than the aggregate contributions to the National Fund in that year and the
National Fund may borrow from us or other lenders to cover deficits of the National Fund or cause the
National Fund to invest any surplus for future use by the National Fund. We will have the right, but not
the obligation, to cause the National Fund to be incorporated or operated through an entity separate from
us as we deem appropriate, and any successor entity will have all rights and duties of ours relating to the
National Fund.
We may remit a portion of National Fund contributions back to one or more franchisees on any terms and
conditions we determine in our sole discretion, including reimbursement of local advertising expenditures
made by a franchisee. We may waive and/or compromise claims for contributions to, and/or claims
against or with respect to, the National Fund in our sole discretion, using the National Fund to pay any of
these claims. We will have sole discretion as to whether or not we take legal or other action against any
franchisee who is in default of his, her or its obligations concerning the National Fund (including
obligations to make contributions) and whether a franchisee may be allowed to make direct advertising
expenditures in place of contributions to the National Fund.
During the 2024 fiscal year of the National Fund, 58.9% percent of the National Fund was spent on media
placement, 14.6% percent was spent on first party marketing, and 7.0% percent was spent on pay per
click marketing. The remaining 19.5% percent was spent on website development/hosting, point of sale
advertising, recruitment, professional fees, photo and video shoots and other administration expenses. No
portion of the National Fund was spent to principally solicit new franchisees.
We do not currently intend to have the National Fund audited. An accounting of advertising expenditures
will be available for review by you at our headquarters, and an annual unaudited financial statement of the
National Fund will be available to you upon request.
Franchisee Advisory Council
We have established a Franchisee Advisory Council, which serves to assist us in determining how to
operate the National Fund and other advertising matters. The Franchisee Advisory Council consists of
elected and selected franchisees of the Ace Handyman Services System. We reserve the right to terminate
the Franchisee Advisory Council or to modify its purposes, in our sole discretion.
Computer Requirements
We provide you access to our scheduling software upon payment of your Initial Franchise Fee. Our
scheduling software will track your customers, schedule service calls, dispatch craftsmen, provide
information to the customer about the craftsmen, provide mobile access to job information to the
craftsmen (such as photos and notes), solicit and syndicate customer reviews, track customer service, and
generate invoices and financial, marketing and sales reports and collect payment in the field, all that
conform to our standards to maintain consistent business applications in accordance with the Ace
Handyman Services System.
We maintain an Internet site for prospective customers, which will also include information for
prospective franchisees regarding purchasing an AHS Business franchise. You may not use or own any
other Internet sites related to the home improvement or a handyman business. We also maintain an
Intranet site for you and other franchisees. We will grant you access to that Intranet site, which you must
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

use in accordance with our specifications and the Ace Handyman Services System. We reserve the right to
discontinue providing the Intranet site at any time in our sole discretion.
We will provide an e-mail account to you. You are required to use only the e-mail account provided by
us in the operation of your AHS Business. You may not use the e-mail account for any purpose not
related to the operation of your AHS Business. You are required to check this e-mail account throughout
the business day and to respond to any e-mail messages promptly. We reserve the right to discontinue
providing this e-mail account in the future, in which event you will be required to maintain an e-mail
account to be used in the operation of your AHS Business. We also reserve the right to discontinue
providing the e-mail account and Intranet sites if technology advancements make these obsolete or
impractical to provide. You must pay us the Software and Internet Fee of $599 per month for the
scheduling software, e-mail, location website, and online marketing services, which includes an e-mail
account for national and local use. If you are operating multiple AHS Businesses in adjacent territories,
we may agree to allow you to split the Software and Internet Fee and pay a single software fee (“Software
Fee”) for all of your AHS Businesses and an internet fee (“Internet Fee”) based on the number of location
websites you have, pursuant to the terms of the Multi-Territory Addendum, in which case you may
receive a single e-mail account for the covered AHS Businesses.
You must obtain website development, search engine optimization, and related online marketing services
from our designated suppliers. We currently use Ingeniux Corporation (defined above as “IGX”) to
service and maintain our website. You will enter into a Participation Agreement with IGX to permit you
to receive access to IGX’s Vendor SaaS Services. A copy of the IGX Participation Agreement is attached
to this Disclosure Document as Attachment N. We bill you for these services as part of the Software and
Internet Fee, and we pay IGX and any other designated suppliers of these services for you, although in the
future we may have our vendors bill you directly for the services they provide. These services do not
include paid, placed media advertising, which is an additional expense paid to the vendor directly by you.
If you do not already have it, you will need to acquire computer hardware and software that meets our
minimum specifications, as stated in the Operations Manual. As of the date of this Disclosure Document,
our minimum specifications are as follows: a PC computer running Windows 11 or higher as its operating
system (although the operating system must be supported by Microsoft and you will need to upgrade the
operating system to a higher system once your system is no longer supported), and a high-speed Internet
connection, with the Microsoft Office suite standard and QuickBooks online version software. We have
the right to periodically change our standards. The computer will be used to operate the required software
programs and store the data used in that software.
You will need a smart phone or another device approved by us that meets our minimum specifications, for
receiving and sending e-mails remotely. As of the date of this Disclosure Document, our minimum
specifications are that the mobile device be (i) able to remain on throughout the working day, (ii) portable
so that it may be taken to job sites and throughout the Territory, and (iii) capable of accessing, sending
and receiving e-mail. We may change those specifications on notice to you.
The estimated cost of purchasing the required computer hardware, software and office equipment
including the mobile device for receiving and sending e-mails, but not including the Software and Internet
Fee described above, ranges from $2,500 to $5,500.
You must keep your computer hardware and software up to date and purchase platform and/or operating
software upgrades as we direct and which meet our specifications as they evolve over time. In some
cases, these systems and software may only be available through us, our affiliates and/or designated
suppliers. We reserve the right to charge service and development fees to cover the costs of meeting the
evolving technology needs of the Ace Handyman Services System. We also may require you to purchase
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

new or additional computer hardware or software from us or from third parties as may be necessary to
support the technology utilized now or in the future by the Ace Handyman Services System. The annual
cost of any optional or required maintenance, updating, upgrading or support for the computer hardware
and software will vary. We, our affiliates and our designated suppliers have no obligation under the
Franchise Agreement to provide ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades or updates to your computer
hardware and software. As of the date of this Disclosure Document, we do not have independent access
to your computer system; however, no contractual restrictions exist concerning our ability to require you
to give us independent access in the future.
You must also have a laser printer. All equipment and software must comply with our standards and
specifications.
You must accept credit and debit cards from customers of your AHS Business. You may not charge your
customers any additional fees or service charges if they elect to pay by credit or debit card. The Payment
Card Industry (“PCI”) requires all companies that process, store, or transmit credit or debit card
information to protect the cardholders’ information by complying with the PCI Data Security Standard
(“PCI DSS”). Therefore, you must be PCI compliant by following and adhering to the then-current PCI
DSS, currently found at www.pcisecuritystandards.org, or any similar or subsequent standard for the
protection of cardholder data throughout the term of your Franchise Agreement. PCI mandates the PCI
DSS compliance. You will share certain personal information of your customers with AHF and in
connection therewith, will enter into the AHF Data Collection Agreement attached to this Disclosure
Document as Attachment M.
Site Selection
You must operate from a small office outside of your home. You are responsible for selecting and
acquiring the premises for your Business Location, and we do not locate or negotiate the lease or purchase
of a site for you. You must obtain our prior written consent for any Business Location. We follow
Google Best Practices for office locations for service-based businesses. This currently includes an office
in a centralized location within your Territory, although Google changes its requirements from time to
time, and we adjust our standards to conform to their requirements.
A Business Location office is typically between 150 to 600 square feet. It must be centrally located in
your Territory. We reserve the right to establish additional standards for your Business Location, and
once those standards are established, you must comply with our standards no later than 30 days after
written notice to you. We do not generally own the premises used by our franchisees. You may not open
your AHS Business until such time as you have obtained an approved location.
The typical time to find an acceptable site for your Business Location and enter into a lease is 30 days,
however, you must find a site within 90 days of signing the Franchise Agreement unless we agree to grant
you additional time, which we will consider granting if you provide evidence that you have made a
diligent effort in obtaining a site. Additionally, if we disapprove of any proposed site, we will grant you
an additional reasonable time to obtain approval for a different site. If you fail to locate and obtain our
approval of a site within the applicable time period, we may terminate the Franchise Agreement. Our
acceptance of a location does not infer or guarantee the success or profitability of an approved location.
Time for Commencement of Operations
The time that will elapse between the signing of a Franchise Agreement and the opening of your franchise
business is typically 120 days. The actual time that elapses will vary depending upon individual
circumstances and local conditions, such as your ability to obtain (1) any permits or licenses required by
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

your state and local governments; (2) a lease for your office and financing or building permits for
leasehold improvements (if applicable); and (3) equipment, fixtures and signs; and when you complete
your pre-opening study and initial training. In the event that you cannot keep pace with the timeline of
tasks required for pre-opening study, your opening may be delayed. Consideration will be given to the
other franchise owners that are in the process of opening their AHS Businesses in determining the
rescheduling of your opening. The Franchise Agreement requires that you begin operations of your AHS
Business within 60 days after you, or a fully trained and qualified operations manager designated by you
in writing to manage the AHS Business on your behalf (the “Franchise Manager”), completes the initial
training program. If extenuating circumstances exist, such as a delay in your ability to obtain a lease for
your business or you have incurred a serious illness, we may (in our sole discretion) agree to extend that
time period for an additional amount of time we determine. Otherwise, we may terminate your Franchise
Agreement for your failure to begin operations of your AHS Business within that time period.
Training
Prior to attending our initial business training program, you will undergo approximately 10 to 12 weeks of
onboarding work and study. The onboarding work and study may be adjusted depending on
circumstances.
Once you have completed your onboarding work and study, we will provide an initial business training
program to be conducted at our office in the Denver, Colorado metropolitan area, or another location
designated by us, or via video conference. The initial business training program lasts approximately three
business days. The actual length of your training program and your training schedule may be adjusted by
us based on your prior experience or training. We conduct our initial business training program on an as-
needed basis, but typically not less than seven times per year.
Training is supervised by our President, Chris Bue. Mr. Bue has over 11 years of experience with us, and
more than 25 years of experience in the field across multiple industries. Each of our instructors has
demonstrated to us satisfactory knowledge of the topics they instruct and are overseen and reviewed by
Mr. Bue.
The Operations Manual is the main source of instructional material. The initial business training program
will be conducted within 90 days after execution of the Franchise Agreement, unless otherwise agreed by
you and us, and prior to the commencement of operation of your AHS Business. You or your Franchise
Manager must obtain the LRRP Certification for your AHS Business prior to participating in our initial
business training program, regardless of your intentions to complete projects where you may encounter
lead paint.
Yourself, or, if applicable, your Franchise Manager, and your Office Manager, plus up to two other
individuals designated by you (for a total of four individuals), are eligible to participate in our initial
business training program without a charge. You or your Franchise Manager, and your Office Manager,
must successfully complete our initial business training program prior to the commencement of
operations of your AHS Business.
You will be responsible for the transportation and living expenses of each person who you designate to
attend the initial business training program.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

TRAINING PROGRAM
Onboarding Study Program
The subjects covered in the pre-opening onboarding study program and the general times devoted to each
subject are described below. However, the program may be modified, at our discretion, to meet the needs
of any individual trainee, and as internal processes, best practices, and software may update and change.
ONBOARDING STUDY PROGRAM AGENDA
Hours of Hours of Hours of Research,
Guided Self-Guided Preplanning &
Subject Type Training Training Setup
Business Establishment, Licensing, & 0 0 35-40
Professional Advisors
Establish Key Vendors & 0 0 25-30
Office Space
Finance, Banking, & Credit 1 0 25-30
Employees & HR 7-10 4-6 3-4
Accounting & Insurance setup 1 1-3 10-12
Marketing & Networking 4-6 0 25-30
Software & Technology Tools 2 0 2
Market Research 1 0 3-4
TOTALS 16-21 5-9 128-152
Initial Business Training
The subjects covered in the initial business training program and the general times devoted to each subject
are described below. However, the program may be modified, at our discretion, to meet the needs of any
individual trainee, and as internal processes, best practices, and software may update and change.
INITIAL BUSINESS TRAINING PROGRAM AGENDA
Hours of Hours of
Classroom On-The-Job
Subject Training Training Location*
Introduction and Orientation 1-2 0 Denver, Colorado Metropolitan
Area or Another Location
Designated by Us
History, Mission, and Brand 1-2 0 Denver, Colorado Metropolitan
Area or Another Location
Designated by Us
Franchisor/Franchisee Relations 1-2 0 Denver, Colorado Metropolitan
Area or Another Location
Designated by Us
Start-up and Daily Operations 5-6 0 Denver, Colorado Metropolitan
Area or Another Location
Designated by Us
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

Hours of Hours of
Classroom On-The-Job
Subject Training Training Location*
Brand, Culture & Service Path 3-4 0 Denver, Colorado Metropolitan
(Customer Service) Area or Another Location
Designated by Us
Employee/Craftsman 1-2 0 Denver, Colorado Metropolitan
Hiring & Retention Area or Another Location
Designated by Us
Technology Tools and 1-2 0 Denver, Colorado Metropolitan
Scheduling Software Area or Another Location
Designated by Us
Accounting & Software 2-3 0 Denver, Colorado Metropolitan
Area or Another Location
Designated by Us
Advertising and Marketing 4 0 Denver, Colorado Metropolitan
Area or Another Location
Designated by Us
Corporate Communications 1 0 Denver, Colorado Metropolitan
Area or Another Location
Designated by Us
Week-in-Review, Testing 2 0 Denver, Colorado Metropolitan
Area or Another Location
Designated by Us
TOTALS 22-30 0
* The initial training program is typically conducted at or near our Support Center headquarters in
the Denver, Colorado metropolitan area. We may conduct any of the initial business training
virtually via video conference.
If, whether as a result of observations, test results or otherwise during or upon completion of onboarding
training (including during operation of your AHS Business) we determine that it is appropriate or
necessary, we can require that you (or a managing partner or shareholder consented to by us) or your
Franchise Manager re-attend and successfully complete the initial business training program, at your sole
cost and expense.
On-Site Training
Within the first 90 days of operations of your AHS Business, we will conduct on-site training at your
Business Location. At our discretion, we may divide the on-site training program into two separate
training sessions to be held at different times at your Business Location. We require you or your
Franchise Manager, as applicable, and your Office Manager, to attend and successfully complete this on-
site training program. Other employees of yours may attend this on-site training as well. The on-site
training program lasts approximately two to three business days. There will be no fee for this on-site
training program.
The subjects covered in the on-site training program and the general time devoted to each subject is
described below. However, the program may be modified, in our discretion, to meet the needs of any
individual trainee, and as internal processes, best practices, and software may update and change.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

ON-SITE TRAINING PROGRAM AGENDA
Hours of
On-The-Job
Subject Training Location
Office TEAM Roles & 0.5-1 Your Business Location
Responsibilities Division
Office Organization, Setup, & Flow 0.5-1 Your Business Location
Technology Tools:
2-3 Your Business Location
Scheduling, Estimating,
& Accounting Software
Website, Social Media, & Reviews 1-2 Your Business Location
Role Play & Practice of Critical Tasks 3-4 Your Business Location
Support Center Communications 0.5-1 Your Business Location
Daily Operations Best Practices 9-10 Your Business Location
Local Ace Integration Training 0.5-1 Your Business Location
Onboarding Wrap Up 1
Totals 18-24
Additional Training
If we determine that you, your Franchise Manager, your Office Manager, or other representatives require
training in addition to the initial business training program and on-site training, or if you request
additional training, then we will provide notice to you of the additional training and conduct the
additional training program at a location we designate or virtually via video conference. You will be
responsible for paying the travel, lodging and other costs for you, your Franchise Manager, your Office
Manager, or your other representatives, and you will be required to pay us our standard fees for
conducting additional training in accordance with our then current fee schedule.
The marketplace is ever-changing and continuous education is crucial. Therefore, we may present
seminars, national or regional conventions, continuing development programs, other additional or
refresher training programs, or other meetings, which may be conducted in-person or virtually via video
conference. Some of these are voluntary and your attendance is not required. However, you (or a
managing partner, member or shareholder consented to by us) or your Franchise Manager, and your
Office Manager, as applicable, must attend any mandatory seminars, programs, or meetings we conduct.
The mandatory additional training will not last more than three days at a time. You or your Franchise
Manager, and your Office Manager, must attend one regional meeting for your region and our annual
national convention each year if we hold these meetings. You or your Franchise Manager, and your
Office Manager, may also be required to attend up to one additional mandatory convention or meeting
every 24 months, in addition to any mandatory regional meetings for your region and the annual national
convention. We will give you at least 30 days prior written notice of any seminar, convention, program
or meeting that is deemed mandatory, unless your attendance is waived by us. (See Section 6.4 of
Franchise Agreement.)
We do not charge a fee or costs for attendance at any mandatory seminar, national or regional convention
or other mandatory meetings. However, unless we agree otherwise, if you, your Franchise Manager or
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

your Office Manager does not attend the applicable seminar, convention or other mandatory meeting, you
will be required to pay us $1,500 per missed event, and if you attend the applicable seminar, convention
or other mandatory meeting but do not stay at the designated hotel or do not stay for the entire meeting or
convention, you will pay us $750 per applicable event. You will be responsible for the cost of attending,
including travel, meals and lodging expenses, any seminars, national or regional conventions, continuing
development programs, other additional or refresher training programs, or other meetings. If you, your
Franchise Manager, or your Office Manager fails to attend a program at which attendance is deemed
mandatory, we may, without waiving any other rights, require you, your Franchise Manager, or your
Office Manager to attend and complete a make-up or alternative program at a location determined by us
and you will be responsible the costs of the program. (See Section 6.4 of Franchise Agreement.)
All training programs are provided to protect our brand and the Marks and not to control the day-to-day
operation of your AHS Business.
Operations Manual
Attached to this Disclosure Document as Attachment G is the table of contents of our Operations Manual.
Our Operations Manual is maintained electronically and made available to you online. If it were printed,
it would be approximately 70 total pages.