ITEM 13
TRADEMARKS
We grant you the right to operate a business under the Marks. Our Marks are owned by our ultimate
parent, Ace Hardware. As we grow the equity behind the Ace Handyman Services brand, a key factor is
strict compliance to its use. As such, you must explicitly adhere to its proper use.
Ace Hardware has filed for registration on the Principal Register of the United States Patent and
Trademark Office the following Marks:
Mark Registration Registration
(Serial) (Application)
Number Date
6,071,158 June 2, 2020
6,241,209 January 5, 2021
6,241,296 January 5, 2021
7,711,957 March 4, 2025
Ace Hardware has granted us, in a License Agreement dated September 18, 2019, a nonexclusive,
royalty-free license to use and to permit our franchisees to use its Marks in the United States of America.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

The license is for 20 years commencing September 18, 2019, but it will automatically renew for
successive 20-year periods if we do not materially breach the License Agreement by engaging in any
activity that damages those Marks or the goodwill of those Marks. If the license is terminated, Ace
Hardware has agreed it will continue to permit any franchisees of ours that have effective Franchise
Agreements to continue to use the Marks as permitted by their Franchise Agreements; provided we agree
to assign the effective Franchise Agreements to Ace Hardware or its successor or assigns.
In addition to those Marks owned by Ace Hardware listed above, we also use a number of other
unregistered trademarks and service marks, in which we claim common law trademark rights. The
following statements apply solely to any unregistered trademarks and service marks: We do not have a
federal registration for these principal trademarks. As such, these trademarks do not have as many legal
benefits and rights as federally registered trademarks. If our right to use these trademarks is challenged,
you may have to change to an alternative trademark, which may increase your expenses.
The Marks owned by Ace Hardware and our other trademarks and service marks are collectively referred
to as the “Marks” or individually as a “Mark.”
You must follow our rules when you use any of our Marks. You cannot use our Marks as part of a
business entity name or with modifying words, designs or symbols except as we license to you. You may
not use our Marks or any unregistered mark or any variation of them, with the sale of an unauthorized
product or service or in a manner not authorized in writing by us.
We reserve the rights to (i) any Internet sites utilizing a domain name incorporating one or more of the
words “Ace Handyman,” “Ace Handyman Services,” “Ace Hardware Home Services,” “Ace Home
Services,” “AHS,” “Handyman Matters,” or any other derivative using “Ace” or “Handyman” and (ii)
advertise the Ace Handyman Services System on the Internet. You cannot establish an Internet site without
our prior written consent, including any that uses any domain name containing one or more of the words
“Ace,” in conjunction with “Handyman,” or “Matters,” or any variation of these. We may withhold our
consent in our sole discretion. We are the owner of all right, title and interest in and to any domain names
designated in the Operations Manual.
There are no currently effective material determinations of the United States Patent and Trademark
Office, trademark trial and appeal board, the trademark administrator of any state or court pending
infringement, opposition or cancellation, or pending material litigation involving our principal Marks.
No currently effective agreements limit our right to use or license the use of the Marks, except that we
may not violate the terms of the existing License Agreements between Ace Hardware and us.
You must notify us immediately when you learn about an infringement of or challenge to your use of the
Marks. We will have the right to take any action we deem appropriate and have the exclusive right to
control any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding arising out of any infringement of, or
challenge or claim to, any of our Marks or in any way related to our Marks. Any damages or benefits
arising out of any infringement, challenge or claim shall accrue exclusively to us. You must notify us
immediately when you learn about the infringement or challenge, and you must use our Marks only in
accordance with the Franchise Agreement.
You must modify or discontinue the use of a Mark if we modify or discontinue it. If this happens, we will
reimburse you for your reasonable out-of-pocket costs (if any) of changing your main identifying signage
and other significant signage, but we will not be liable for any other costs, expenses or damages you incur
as a result of our decision to modify or discontinue use of a Mark. You must not directly or indirectly
contest our right to our Marks.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

There may be one or more businesses similar to an AHS Business, which are operating in or near the
area(s) where you may do business or otherwise, which have a name and/or marks similar to ours and
with superior rights to these names and/or Marks. We strongly urge you to research this possibility, using
telephone directories, internet searches, local filings and other means, before you sign the Franchise
Agreement or any other documents related to your business, or expending or paying any sums or making
any commitments concerning your business. If you fail to do so, you may be at risk.