ITEM 16
RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT YOU MAY SELL
In order to maintain uniformity throughout the Ace Handyman Services system, franchisees must operate
their businesses in conformity with our standards and specifications.
You may offer and sell only those products and services that we have approved or that meet the standards
and specifications set by us, which may be set forth in the Operations Manual or in other writings.
You are required to offer all handyman, repair, and maintenance services that we designate as required for
all franchisees within your market area. We may change the services required in your area, with prior
notice to you. (See Section 11.3 of FA.) You must also offer, honor, and otherwise comply with the
terms of any subscription package programs for residential or commercial customers that we may
establish. It is your responsibility to promptly obtain all licenses and permits necessary to operate the
AHS Business in your jurisdiction. You cannot engage in any activities not covered by your liability
insurance or workers compensation insurance.
You cannot engage in any trade, practice or other activity that is harmful to our goodwill or reflects
unfavorably on our reputation, that constitutes deceptive or unfair competition, or that is in violation of
any applicable law.
Certain inventory, supplies, and equipment used in your AHS Business must be purchased from us or a
vendor approved by us, to the extent we have approved vendors for such supplies and equipment, or that
meet the standards and specifications set by us. We have a purchasing arrangement with Ace Hardware
whereby you must purchase all materials, supplies and goods needed to run your AHS Business from an
Ace Supplier, but only when the items are in stock or readily available, and competitively priced. Many
other items used in your AHS Business can be purchased from local hardware stores, big box outlets, and
other sources.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

We have established a Franchisee Advisory Council, which serves as an advisory council to assist us in
collecting and prioritizing project requests and business process improvement suggestions from our
franchisees and monitoring the status of existing project requests and improvement suggestions. We
reserve the right to terminate the Franchisee Advisory Council, or to modify its purposes, in our sole
discretion.
We may impose restrictions limiting your access to customers outside of your Territory and to
commercial customers within your Territory, both as discussed in ITEM 12 above, but apart from these
we do not impose any restrictions on your access to customers.