ITEM 6
OTHER FEES
Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4
Type of Fee Amount Due Date Remarks
Royalty Fee (1)(2)(3)(4)(8) 6% of your actual Gross Payable monthly on the You must meet certain
Revenues of the 18th day of the month Minimum Annual Gross
previous month, subject (or shortly thereafter if Revenues requirements. See
to annual reconciliation paid by EFT) based on Note 4 below and ITEM 12.
based on your Minimum the prior month’s Gross
Annual Gross Revenues Revenues. See Notes 2
requirements and 8 below.
National Brand Fee (1)(2)(3)(4)(8) 2% of your actual Gross Payable monthly with You must meet certain
Revenues, subject to the Royalty Fee based Minimum Annual Gross
annual reconciliation on the prior month’s Revenues requirements. See
based on your Minimum Gross Revenues. See Note 4 below and ITEM 12.
Annual Gross Revenues Note 2 below.
requirements
Software and Internet Fees (1)(8) Currently $599 per Payable on the 1st of For use of our scheduling
month, but may be each month for that software, e-mail, location
changed by us upon 30 month, beginning in website, online marketing
days’ notice the first full calendar services, for our expenses
month after you associated with maintenance of
commence operations. our e-mail and Intranet sites,
and for the website
development, search engine
optimization, and related online
marketing services provided by
our designated suppliers.
Minimum Individual $30,000 from your third As incurred. You must spend a minimum
Marketing Expenditure (5)(6) full month through the amount on local marketing on
end of first year of an annual basis. See also, Note
operations, $40,000 in 5 below.
your second year of
operations, and $50,000
for each subsequent year
For a Mini AHS
Business, the minimum
expenditures are
$15,000 from your third
full month through the
end of first year of
operations, $20,000 in
your second year of
operations, and $25,000
for each subsequent year
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4
Type of Fee Amount Due Date Remarks
Meeting and Convention Fees -0- As incurred. The additional meeting and
(1)(8) convention requirements are
If you do not attend: discussed in ITEM 11.
$1,500 per meeting
If you attend but do not
stay at the designated
hotel or do not stay for
the entire meeting or
convention:
$750 per meeting
Transfer Fee (1)(8) $10,000. Before acceptance of Payable before you transfer your
transfer. franchise. You will also be
There is no Transfer Fee
required to pay additional fees
for a transfer to a
to outside franchise brokers or
business entity wholly
to us if we, or our resources,
owned by franchisee,
find the buyer for you.
and the Transfer Fee is
reduced to $3,500 for
transfers to a family
member
Audit Fee (1)(7)(8) Cost of audit Upon completion of You also pay the cost of the
audit and determination audit if audit shows an under-
of amounts due. statement of at least 2% of
Gross Revenues during the audit
period. Any amounts unpaid,
unreported, or underreported
must be paid in full, with a late
fee of 18% interest per annum.
Returned Electronic Funds $100 Upon notice. This fee is imposed when an
Transfer Fee (1)(8) Electronic Funds Transfer
transaction is not honored, in
addition to any late fees and
interest that may apply.
Successor Franchise (Renewal) $5,500 Upon execution of If you are in good standing, you
Fee (1)(8) successor Franchise may acquire a successor
Agreement. franchise after your initial term.
Supplier Approval (1) Currently none. As incurred. If you request approval of a
However, we reserve the supplier, we may charge this
right to charge a fee in fee. This only applies for those
the future items for which we have
previously designated an
approved supplier.
Additional training (1)(8) Our then current rate. Payable within 30 days We provide opening training for
The current rate as of of date of invoice. free.
the date of this
Disclosure Document is
$55 per hour per person
plus out-of-pocket
expenses
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4
Type of Fee Amount Due Date Remarks
Interest and late fees on late Not to exceed 18% per Due upon payment of No amounts charged will exceed
payments and/or reports (1)(8) annum on all amounts late fee or submittal of any legal limits or restrictions.
owed. Also, $75 per late report.
occurrence per late
report or fee
Costs and Attorneys’ Fees (1) Will vary under As incurred. May be payable if you do not
circumstances prevail in an action based on the
Franchise Agreement.
Indemnification (1) Will vary under As incurred. You will have to reimburse us if
circumstances we are held liable for claims
arising from your AHS
Business.
Notes:
(1) Fees that are payable to us. All fees are non-refundable. You must maintain in a bank account
from which funds can be transferred to us a minimum balance of $4,000 against which we will withdraw
funds due to us. All fees are generally imposed uniformly on all franchisees who sign our current
Franchise Agreement, but we may in unique situations modify certain fees. Certain fees set forth in the
current Franchise Agreement have changed from the amounts charged in the past and may change in the
future. Therefore, existing and future franchisees may have fees imposed on them that are different from
those represented in this table.
(2) The Royalty Fee and National Brand Fees are payable monthly. You will also report Gross
Revenues through monthly, quarterly, and annual reports, and in the event of any discrepancy in the
Gross Revenues previously estimated or reported and the most recent applicable report you will either be
required to pay the amount of any underpayment or be granted a credit for the amount of any
overpayment, which will apply to future fees due.
(3) Gross Revenues include all revenues you receive from your customers, including amounts
collected for both labor and materials. Gross Revenues do not include sales or use tax. Gross Revenues
are net of any discounts you provide to your customers, to the extent the customers pay less to you. Cash
refunded and credit given to customers, and any receivable uncollected from customers more than 120
days after billing, may be deducted in computing Gross Revenues to the extent that the receivable was
previously included in Gross Revenues on which a Royalty Fee was paid.
If you render services to a customer or otherwise recognize a sale (whether or not you have received
payment from the customer), the Royalty Fee is due for the period the service was performed and
completed.
If a job is partially complete at the end of a month, and it represents less than 16 hours of labor, it can be
included in the next month’s calculations. However, a larger job that will continue beyond this time
period will need to be settled and the Gross Revenues will be recognized in each month.
You will participate in our Electronic Royalty Payment program, which authorizes us to use a pre-
authorized bank transfer system. You will also participate in an electronic reporting system covering
sales, operating reports and other items. We may designate and require another manner of payment from
time to time in our discretion.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

(4) You will be required to achieve the Minimum Annual Gross Revenues described in ITEM 12.
Following the first anniversary of your commencement of operations and on each subsequent anniversary,
if your actual Gross Revenues for the then completed operations year do not equal or exceed the
Minimum Annual Gross Revenues, you will be required to pay us a reconciliation amount equal to
amount of Royalty Fees and National Brand Fees that are due to us based on the applicable Minimum
Annual Gross Revenues minus the actual Royalty Fees and National Brand Fees paid to us during the
applicable operations year.
(5) You must spend between $8,000 to $12,000 as a required initial marketing expense in the period
starting 30 days before, and continuing through the end of the second full month after, the opening of
your franchise. You will pay this amount directly to our supplier conducting your initial marketing
campaign. You must also spend between $1,000 and $4,000 for a required Grand Opening event.
(6) We may require you to join a Local Advertising Group that includes franchisees in your market
area. If so, you may be directed to pay all or a portion of your Minimum Individual Marketing
Expenditures to the Local Advertising Group.
(7) We estimate that the cost of an audit will range from $2,500 to $5,000, but may be more.
(8) These payments will be made to us electronically. We currently require you to pay fees and other
amounts due to us or our affiliates via electronic funds transfer (“EFT”) or other similar means. You are
required to complete an EFT authorization in the form attached to the Franchise Agreement as Exhibit V.