ITEM 15
OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL
OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS
If you are an individual, either you individually or an individual who you designate and is approved by us
to be an operating manager for your franchise, who we refer to as the Franchise Manager, must directly
supervise the daily operation of your franchise at the Business Location. If we believe you lack sufficient
business experience, you will be required to designate and hire a Franchise Manager whom we approve.
If you are a corporation or other business entity, a Franchise Manager must be approved by us and must
perform the direct, on-site supervision of your franchise. A Franchise Manager is not required to have
any ownership interest in a business entity franchisee.
The Franchise Manager will need to attend and successfully complete the initial business training
program and abide by the obligations in the Franchise Agreement and the Operations Manual.
You are responsible for recruiting, appointing, hiring, firing, and supervising your employees,
independent agents, Office Managers, Franchise Managers, and other representatives. You will have sole
authority and control over the day-to-day operations of the AHS Business and its employees and
representatives. You are solely responsible for implementing training and other programs for your
employees and representatives related to the legal, safe, and proper performance of their work, regardless
of the fact that we may provide advice, suggestions, and certain training programs.
You have sole authority and control over the decision of whether or not to use independent contractors,
although we do not recommend independent contractors exceed 40 percent of your work force. You will
be solely responsible and liable for your decision to use independent contractors, any liability arising from
the acts or omissions of your independent contractors, and for complying with all laws, rules and
regulations related to the engagement and use of independent contractors in your AHS Business.
You must conduct a background check of all employees, contractors, and subcontractors hired or engaged
by you and utilized in your AHS Business and System including, but not limited to, authorized
representatives. In conducting these background checks, you must abide by all applicable laws, rules and
regulations, including, but not limited to, the Fair Credit Reporting Act (and the state equivalents, if any)
and/or any employment laws, rules, regulations or ordinances. It is your responsibility to make sure that
no employee, contractor, or subcontractor enters a customer’s home or business if such person has not
successfully completed the background check process, as determined in your sole discretion.
You will have sole authority and control over the day-to-day operations of the AHS Business and its
employees, contractors and representatives. You are solely responsible for implementing training and
other programs for your employees, contractors and representatives related to the legal, safe, and proper
performance of their work, regardless of the fact that we may provide advice, suggestions, and certain
training programs. The advice, suggestions, and training we provide are to protect our brand and the
Marks and not to control the day-to-day operation of your AHS Business. We are not a joint employer
with respect to the operation of your AHS Business, including, without limitation, your decision whether
or not to use independent contractors, as determined in your sole discretion.
You must hire an experienced Office Manager to assist in the answering of your phones, scheduling of
jobs with customers, assisting with employment applications, paperwork check-in, and other similar
customer service and office duties. The Office Manager must complete our initial business training
program and on-site training program.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

You must ensure that at least one representative of your AHS Business maintains LRRP Certification at
all times during the term of your Franchise Agreement. We recommend that you or the Franchise
Manager, as applicable, obtain the LRRP Certification. If the representative with the LRRP Certification
ceases to be associated with your AHS Business, or if the representative’s LRRP Certification is
terminated for any reason, another representative of your AHS Business must immediately obtain the
LRRP Certification.
You or the Franchise Manager are required to devote substantial full time and best efforts on a daily basis,
in person, to the supervision and conduct of the AHS Business, which must not be less than 40 hours per
week. However, if you are operating multiple AHS Businesses in adjacent territories, we may agree to
allow you to have one Franchise Manager dedicating full time and best efforts to all of the AHS
Businesses as a whole pursuant to the terms of the Multi-Territory Addendum.
If you wish to operate another business, including any e-commerce business which operates over the
Internet, our prior approval, which we may grant or deny in our sole discretion, will be required.
Unless waived by us, each individual who owns, directly or indirectly, an interest in the franchisee entity
will sign the Guaranty and Assumption of Franchisee’s Obligations assuming and agreeing to discharge
all of your obligations and comply with all restrictions under the Franchise Agreement. (See Exhibit III
to FA.)