ITEM 1
THE FRANCHISOR AND ANY PARENTS, PREDECESSORS AND AFFILIATES
To simplify the language in this Franchise Disclosure Document, “we,” “us,” or “our” means Ace
Handyman Franchising, Inc., the Franchisor. “You” means the person, corporation, partnership or other
entity that buys the franchise. If a corporation, partnership or other entity is the franchisee, “you” also
includes the franchisee’s owners in certain situations.
The Franchisor and Our Parents, Predecessors and Affiliates
We are a Colorado corporation that was incorporated on August 22, 2000 under the name Handyman
Matters Franchise Corporation. On September 5, 2019, Handyman Matters, Inc., which was our former
direct parent company, was acquired by Ace Services Holdings LLC (“Ace Services”), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Ace Hardware Corporation, our ultimate parent company. We changed our name to Ace
Handyman Franchising, Inc. on September 18, 2019. We do business under our corporate name and
under the name and service mark: ACE HANDYMAN SERVICES. We are a franchising company that
sells and grants franchises for the operation of businesses (an “AHS Business”) using the name “ACE
HANDYMAN SERVICES.” We have been offering franchised businesses similar to an AHS Businesses
since February 2001. We have not and do not operate any businesses similar to the franchised business
being offered. Our principal business address is 390 Union Boulevard, Suite 520, Lakewood, Colorado
80228. Our agents for service of process are disclosed in Attachment K.
Parents
We have the following parent company structure:
Name Principal Business Address Parent Status
Ace Services 2915 Jorie Boulevard Ace Services is a wholly owned subsidiary of
Holdings LLC Oak Brook, Illinois 60523-2100 Ace Hardware and our direct parent company.
(“Ace Services”)
Ace Hardware 2915 Jorie Boulevard Ace Hardware is our ultimate parent company.
Corporation (“Ace Oak Brook, Illinois 60523-2100 It is a retailer-owned cooperative. As of
Hardware”) December 31, 2024, there were 5,144 Ace
Hardware cooperative locations (4,539 Ace
Hardware branded stores, which includes 259
company owned Ace Hardware stores, and 346
non-Ace Hardware branded stores) operating
in the United States. Ace Hardware branded
cooperative locations owned by members are
deemed franchises in some states.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

Affiliates
We are affiliated with the following companies that (1) conduct business of the type being offered under
this Disclosure Document, (2) offer franchises in any line of business (in addition to our ultimate parent,
Ace Hardware, as shown above), or (3) provide products or services to our franchisees:
Name Principal Business Address Business Operations
Ace Hardware Home 2915 Jorie Boulevard, Oak AHHS operates 18 Ace Handyman Services
Services, Inc. Brook, Illinois 60523-2100 Businesses similar to the franchise business
(“AHHS”) offered under this Disclosure Document in
Colorado (10), Kansas (2), Missouri (3), and
Texas (3). AHHS also operates businesses
offering residential and commercial plumbing,
electrical and HVAC services.
Ace Painting 390 Union Boulevard, Suite APF franchises businesses offering indoor and
Franchising, LLC 520 outdoor painting, staining and other painting
(“APF”) Lakewood, Colorado 80228 services to residential and commercial customers
under the name and service mark ACE
HARDWARE PAINTING SERVICESSM
through a separate franchise disclosure
document. APF commenced selling franchises
in late 2022. As of December 31, 2024, there
are three franchised and three company-owned
Ace Hardware Painting Services businesses
operating in the United States and there is one
Ace Hardware Painting Services business
operated in conjunction with an AHS Business.
Ace Plumbing 2915 Jorie Blvd., Oak APLF is currently not active. It intends to
Franchising, LLC Brook, Illinois 60523-2100 franchise businesses offering plumbing services
(“APLF”) for residential and commercial properties under
the name and service mark ACE HARDWARE
PLUMBING SERVICESSM.
Westlake Hardware, 14000 Marshall Drive Westlake is owned by Ace Retail Holdings LLC
Inc. (“Westlake”) Lenexa, Kansas 66215 (“Ace Retail”), a subsidiary of Ace Hardware.
Westlake currently operates 180 Ace Hardware
retail stores and may provide products and
services to our franchisees.
Great Lake Ace 27555 Farmington Road, GLA is also owned by Ace Retail. It currently
Hardware, Inc. Suite 110 operates 79 Ace Hardware retail stores and may
(“GLA”) Farmington Hills, Michigan provide products and services to our franchisees.
Except as described above, neither we nor any of our parents, predecessors or affiliates have (1)
conducted a business of the type being franchised under this Disclosure Document, (2) offered franchises
in any line of business or (3) provides products or services to our franchisees.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

The Franchise We Offer
We franchise to you or authorize you to operate an AHS Business under the mark ACE HANDYMAN
SERVICES and related service marks, trademarks and trade names (“Marks”). In addition, in certain
markets we may require our franchisees to offer their handyman services to the public under the service
mark, ACE HARDWARE HANDYMAN SERVICES. In the event we require you to use the mark ACE
HARDWARE HANDYMAN SERVICES, you will be required to adopt and use that mark.
An AHS Business provides handyman, and repair and maintenance services, and sales to residential and
commercial customers by operating under a uniform system consisting of high standards of service, use of
quality products, proprietary and exclusive technology, and the business format created and developed by
us and our predecessors (the “Ace Handyman Services System”). These handyman services include basic
services in the categories of carpentry, plumbing and electrical, drywall, painting, flooring, landscaping
and many other miscellaneous repairs, and services to residential and commercial clients. The services
provided by an AHS Business do not include advanced services in the categories of plumbing and
electrical, painting, heating, cooling, air conditioning, and other categories. Those more advanced
services are better suited for professionals that specialize in these services.
When you obtain a franchise from us, we license to you the right to use our Marks and the Ace Handyman
Services System within a protected territory that will be assigned to you (“Territory”). An AHS Business
franchise grants you a Territory of between 70,000 and 100,000 households generally delineated by zip
codes. All Territories include the businesses in the Territories. If your Territory size exceeds 100,000
households, you must purchase an additional franchise.
In our discretion, we also offer franchises to operate an AHS Business in a Territory that is smaller than
70,000 households in size. We call this franchise our “Mini AHS Business.” Mini AHS Business
franchises are only granted by us when the Territory has 45,000 or fewer households. All references in
this Disclosure Document to an AHS Business include our Mini AHS Business unless we specifically
note otherwise.
You will operate from a small office outside of your home (“Business Location”). You pay us the initial
fees discussed in ITEM 5 of this Disclosure Document and sign our standard franchise agreement
(“Franchise Agreement”) prior to operating your AHS Business. A copy of our Franchise Agreement is
attached to this Disclosure Document as Attachment A.
In certain cases where a franchisee is entering into two or more Franchise Agreements to operate multiple
AHS Businesses with adjacent Territories, or where an existing franchisee is entering into another
Franchise Agreement to acquire an additional AHS Business with a territory adjacent to the territory of its
existing AHS Business, we may agree to enter into a Multi-Territory Addendum to Franchise Agreements
in the form attached as Attachment D hereto (a “Multi-Territory Addendum”) with that franchisee. The
Multi-Territory Addendum allows for the adjacent AHS Businesses to be operated together with certain
modifications to allow for more efficient operations, such as use of a single franchisee business entity, a
single Business Location, and the appointment of a single Franchise Manager (as defined in ITEM 11).
Market and Competition
An AHS Business currently focuses on serving residential and commercial customers in urban and
suburban areas. The market for handyman services is well developed. You may have to compete with
other businesses, including franchised operations, national chains and independently owned companies or
individuals offering handyman services to residential and commercial customers. The sales of the
services are not seasonal.
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

Industry Specific Laws and Regulations
As a franchisee, you may be required to obtain a specific construction license, registration or permits in
certain states to operate an AHS Business. There are also federal, state, and in some cases, local laws and
regulations pertaining specifically to the building and construction industry and your franchise, which
vary and can change over time. These include laws and regulations pertaining to lead paint removal and
disposal, asbestos handling and removal, and hazardous waste handling and disposal. You will need to
become knowledgeable of, and comply with, all applicable local, state, and national uniform building
codes, including plumbing, structural and electric codes, and licensing regulations and requirements. The
National Association of Remodeling Industry publishes a “Summary of State Contractor Licensing
Laws,” which we strongly suggest you review.
Among the federal regulations that are applicable to your franchise are regulations promulgated by the
Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”). On April 22, 2010, the EPA’s Renovation, Repair and
Maintenance Final Rule (“RRP”) went into effect. This RRP details both information that must be given
to certain homeowners as well as processes and procedures that must be followed in homes and other
structures built before 1978. See https://www.epa.gov/lead/lead-renovation-repair-and-painting-program.
You will also need to comply with the “Lead Renovation, Repair, and Painting” rule (the “LRRP Rule”)
of the EPA. The LRRP Rule generally applies to any renovation, repair, and painting activities that may
disturb paint in homes and certain other facilities constructed prior to 1978, on the basis that lead paint
may be present in those facilities. Your AHS Business will likely be involved in these activities. To
comply with the LRRP Rule, both your AHS Business and the individual representative or representatives
of your AHS Business carrying out these activities must be certified by the EPA (the “LRRP
Certification”). To obtain an LRRP Certification, the applicable representative or representatives must
complete an initial training course provided or accredited by the EPA. We do not provide this training
course. You must obtain the LRRP Certification for your AHS Business and at least one individual
representative prior to participating in our initial training program. Recertification and refresher training
courses are required under the LRRP Rule every five years to maintain the LRRP Certification. You must
maintain the LRRP Certification for your AHS Business and at least one individual representative at all
times. You must provide us with evidence of the LRRP Certification. The LRRP Rule additionally
imposes certain requirements related to how the relevant renovation, repair, and painting activities are
carried out, which include the distribution of a mandatory informational pamphlet to the customer, paint
testing, cleaning verification, waste disposal, recordkeeping, and other requirements. There may be other
EPA regulations that will apply to your AHS Business.
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) has issued regulations pertaining to
worker safety and health in the workplace. OSHA has also issued regulations pertaining to exposure to
airborne concentrations of lead above certain levels. Many states and municipalities also have laws
regulating the handling and disposal of hazardous materials, including paint and solvents, as well as laws
and regulations pertaining to worker safety and health in the workplace.
There are federal, state and possibly local laws covering how to classify workers, for example, whether as
independent contractors or employees, or as exempt or non-exempt, for different purposes, such as tax,
wage and hour laws, unemployment compensation and workers’ compensation. These laws and
regulations can vary from state to state, city to city and at the federal level, and could affect, in some
instances materially, the operation of your AHS Business.
In addition to the laws referenced above, you will be required to comply with all federal, state and local
laws, rules and ordinances that apply generally to all businesses, including, but not limited to, taxes, data
protection and privacy laws. It is your responsibility to investigate the laws, rules and regulations that
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

apply within your Territory (as defined in ITEM 12 below) before purchasing your AHS Business. You
should consider both the effect of any such laws, rules and regulations on your AHS Business and the cost
of compliance. You are responsible for obtaining any licenses, registrations or permits required to
operate an AHS Business in your Territory.