ITEM 17
RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP
This table lists certain important provisions of the Franchise Agreement and related agreements.
You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Disclosure Document.
Section in
Franchise or
Provision Summary
Other
Agreement
a. Length of the franchise term Section 3.1 10 years.
b. Renewal or extension of the term Sections 3.3 and If you are in good standing, you can acquire additional
3.4 successor franchise terms of 10 years each.
c. Requirements for you to renew or Sections 3.3 and No less than 120 days’ notice, nor more than one year
extend 3.4 notice; sign the current form of the Franchise Agreement
(which may contain terms and conditions materially
different from your original Franchise Agreement); be in
compliance with current Franchise Agreement; be current
in payments; satisfy current standards for new franchisees;
modify your AHS Business and operations to conform with
current Operations Manual; pay successor franchise fee;
execute a Successor Franchise Rider (in its then current
form, which will include, except where prohibited by law, a
release. The current form of Successor Franchise Rider is
attached to this Disclosure Document as Attachment E).
d. Termination by you Section 18.5 You can terminate the Franchise Agreement only if we
materially breach the Franchise Agreement, if you provide
us with written notice within 30 days of the breach and a
reasonable opportunity to cure of not less than 90 days
(subject to state law).
e. Termination by us without cause Section 18.3 We can terminate at our option if there is a force majeure
event that prevents us from performing our obligations under
the Franchise Agreement and continues for longer than six
months
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

Section in
Franchise or
Provision Summary
Other
Agreement
f. Termination by us with cause Sections 18.1 and We can terminate based on your inability or unwillingness
18.2 to operate your AHS Business, or upon certain violations of
the Franchise Agreement or engaging in illegal or unethical
practices.
g. “Cause” defined – curable Section 18.2 You have 7 days to cure the filing of a legal action in
defaults violation of the dispute resolution terms in the Franchise
Agreement; 10 days to cure misuse of Marks, non-payment
of fees, non-submission of reports, failure to meet
minimums; and 30 days to cure any other default not listed
in Section 18.2 (subject to modification by state law). If we
provide you with a notice of default, we and our affiliates
may suspend services to you until each default is cured.
h. “Cause” defined – non-curable Section 18.1 Non-curable defaults: unauthorized disclosures; repeated
defaults defaults even if cured; abandonment; unapproved transfers;
sales activity in the territory of another AHS Business;
sexual harassment or discrimination; violation of non-
compete or other in-term restrictive covenant; breach of
related agreement; a guaranty becomes unenforceable or
inadequate; bankruptcy (which may not be enforceable
under Federal Bankruptcy Law (11 U.S.C. § 101 et seq.));
others.
i. Your obligations on Section 18.6 Obligations include escrow of an amount equal to 1% of
termination/non-renewal the greater of the Gross Revenues or your Minimum
Annual Gross Revenues for the prior 12 months to cover
warranty and customer dispute issues; complete de-
identification; return of proprietary materials; payment of
amounts due; payment of an amount equal to the Royalty
Fees based on the Minimum Annual Gross Revenues due
over the remaining term under the Franchise Agreement, if
terminated due to your default; inspection of books; assign
all pending and contract business to us; others. See also
item “r” below.
j. Assignment of contract by us Section 17.1 No restriction on our right to assign.
k. “Transfer” by you - defined Section 17.2 Includes transfer of contract or assets or ownership change.
l. Our approval of transfer by you Sections 17.2 and We have the right to approve all transfers.
17.3
4934-4627-3032 (Ace Handyman - 1)

Section in
Franchise or
Provision Summary
Other
Agreement
m. Conditions for our approval of Section 17.3 New franchisee qualified; transfer fee paid, if applicable;
transfer purchase agreement approved; training completed by
transferee; current agreement signed by transferee; escrow
of an amount equal to 1% of the greater of the Gross
Revenues or your Minimum Annual Gross Revenues for
the prior 12 months to cover warranty and customer dispute
issues, and release signed by you (except where prohibited
by law). Our current form of general release is attached to
this Disclosure Document as Attachment F.
n. Our right of first refusal to Section 17.5 We can match any offer for your business within 30 days.
acquire your business
o. Our option to purchase your Not applicable Not applicable.
business
p. Your death or disability Section 17.4 Your estate or legal representative must apply to us for the
right to transfer to the next of kin within 120 days.
q. Non-competition covenants Sections 20.1 and Prohibited from owning, operating or performing service
during the term of the franchise 20.3 for a competing business.
r. Non-competition covenants after Sections 20.2 and No competing business for 24 months within 25 miles from
the franchise is terminated or 20.3 the closest point to the former Territory or the Territory of
expires any other AHS Business (including after assignment).
s. Modification of the agreement Section 23.1 The Franchise Agreement may be modified by a writing
signed by both parties or, at our option, upon approval of
75% of our franchisees affected by the modification. The
Operations Manual is subject to change.
t. Integration/merger clause Section 23.2 Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement are binding
(subject to state law). Any representations or promises
outside of this Disclosure Document and the Franchise
Agreement may not be enforceable. Nothing in the
Franchise Agreement is intended to disclaim any
representations made by us in this Disclosure Document.
u. Dispute resolution by arbitration Section 22 Except for certain claims, all disputes must be arbitrated in
or mediation Denver, Colorado (subject to state law). If a claim can be
brought in court, both you and we agree to waive our rights
to a jury trial.
v. Choice of forum Section 22.5 Colorado (subject to state law).
w. Choice of law Section 22.5 Federal and Colorado law applies (subject to state law).
The Colorado Consumer Protection Act does not apply.